_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

Note:

This document contains FAR Part 61 including Amendment 61-106 published in the
Federal Register on 4/30/99.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _


PART 61--CERTIFICATION: PILOTS, FLIGHT INSTRUCTORS, AND GROUND INSTRUCTORS

                  SPECIAL FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS

SFAR 58  [NOTE]

SFAR 73 ROBINSON R-22/R-44 SPECIAL TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

                           Subpart A--General

Sec.
61.1  Applicability and definitions.
61.3  Requirement for certificates, ratings, and authorizations.
61.4  Qualification and approval of flight simulators and training devices.
61.5  Certificates and ratings issued under this part.
61.7  Obsolete certificates and ratings.
61.9  [Reserved]
61.11  Expired pilot certificates and reissuance.
61.13  Issuance of airman certificates, ratings, and authorizations.
61.14  Refusal to submit to a drug or alcohol test.
61.15  Offenses involving alcohol or drugs.
61.16  Refusal to submit to an alcohol test or to furnish test results.
61.17  Temporary certificate.
61.19  Duration of pilot and instructor certificates.
61.21  Duration of a Category II and a Category III pilot authorization (for
 other than part 121 and part 135 use).
61.23  Medical certificates: Requirement and duration.
61.25  Change of name.
61.27  Voluntary surrender or exchange of certificate.
61.29  Replacement of a lost or destroyed airman or medical certificate or
 knowledge test report.
61.31  Type rating requirements, additional training, and authorization
 requirements.
61.33  Tests: General procedure.
61.35  Knowledge test: Prerequisites and passing grades.
61.37  Knowledge tests: Cheating or other unauthorized conduct.
61.39  Prerequisites for practical tests.
61.41  Flight training received from flight instructors not certificated by
 the FAA.
61.43  Practical tests: General procedures.
61.45  Practical tests: Required aircraft and equipment.
61.47  Status of an examiner who is authorized by the Administrator to
 conduct practical tests.
61.49  Retesting after failure.
61.51  Pilot logbooks.
61.53  Prohibition on operations during medical deficiency.
61.55  Second-in-command qualifications.
61.56  Flight review.
61.57  Recent flight experience: Pilot in command.
61.58  Pilot-in-command proficiency check: Operation of aircraft requiring
 more than one pilot flight crewmember.
61.59  Falsification, reproduction, or alteration of applications,
 certificates, logbooks, reports, or records.
61.60  Change of address.

          Subpart B--Aircraft Ratings and Pilot Authorizations

61.61  Applicability.
61.63  Additional aircraft ratings (other than on an airline transport pilot
 certificate).
61.64  [Reserved].
61.65  Instrument rating requirements.
61.67  Category II pilot authorization requirements.
61.68  Category III pilot authorization requirements.
61.69  Glider towing: Experience and training requirements.
61.71  Graduates of an approved training program other than under this part:
 Special rules.
61.73  Military pilots or former military pilots: Special rules.
61.75  Private pilot certificate issued on the basis of a foreign pilot
 license.
61.77  Special purpose pilot authorization: Operation of U.S.-registered
 civil aircraft leased by a person who is not a U.S. citizen.

                       Subpart C--Student Pilots

61.81  Applicability.
61.83  Eligibility requirements for student pilots.
61.85  Application.
61.87  Solo requirements for student pilots.
61.89  General limitations.
61.91  [Reserved]
61.93 Solo cross-country flight requirements.
61.95  Operations in Class B airspace and at airports located within Class B
 airspace.

                     Subpart D--Recreational Pilots

61.96  Applicability and eligibility requirements: General.
61.97  Aeronautical knowledge.
61.98  Flight proficiency.
61.99  Aeronautical experience.
61.100  Pilots based on small islands.
61.101  Recreational pilot privileges and limitations.

                       Subpart E--Private Pilots

61.102  Applicability.
61.103  Eligibility requirements: General.
61.105  Aeronautical knowledge.
61.107  Flight proficiency.
61.109  Aeronautical experience.
61.110  Night flying exceptions.
61.111  Cross-country flights: Pilots based on small islands.
61.113  Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.
61.115  Balloon rating: Limitations.
61.117  Private pilot privileges and limitations: Second in command of
 aircraft requiring more than one pilot.
61.118--61.120  [Reserved].

                      Subpart F--Commercial Pilots

61.121  Applicability.
61.123  Eligibility requirements: General.
61.125  Aeronautical knowledge.
61.127  Flight proficiency.
61.129  Aeronautical experience.
61.131  Exceptions to the night flying requirements.
61.133  Commercial pilot privileges and limitations.
61.135--61.141  [Reserved]

                  Subpart G--Airline Transport Pilots

61.151  Applicability.
61.153  Eligibility requirements: General.
61.155  Aeronautical knowledge.
61.157  Flight proficiency.
61.158  [Reserved]
61.159  Aeronautical experience: Airplane category rating.
61.161  Aeronautical experience: Rotorcraft category and helicopter class
 rating.
61.163  Aeronautical experience: Powered-lift category rating.
61.165  Additional aircraft category and class ratings.
61.167  Privileges.
61.169--61.171  [Reserved]

                     Subpart H--Flight Instructors

61.181  Applicability.
61.183  Eligibility requirements.
61.185  Aeronautical knowledge.
61.187  Flight proficiency.
61.189  Flight instructor records.
61.191  Additional flight instructor ratings.
61.193  Flight instructor privileges.
61.195  Flight instructor limitations and qualifications.
61.197  Renewal of flight instructor certificates.
61.199  Expired flight instructor certificates and ratings.
61.201  [Reserved]

                     Subpart I--Ground Instructors

61.211  Applicability.
61.213  Eligibility requirements.
61.215  Ground instructor privileges.
61.217  Recent experience requirements.

Authority: 49 U.S.C. 106(g), 40113, 44701-44703, 44707, 44709-44711, 45102-
45103, 45301-45302.

Source: Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997, unless otherwise noted.






                   Special Federal Aviation Regulations



SFAR No. 58

Editorial Note: For the text of SFAR No. 58, see part 121 of this chapter.



SFAR NO. 73--ROBINSON R-22/R-44 SPECIAL TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

Sections

1. Applicability.
2. Required training, aeronautical experience, endorsements, and flight
review.
3. Expiration date.

1. Applicability. Under the procedures prescribed herein, this SFAR applies
to all persons who seek to manipulate the controls or act as pilot in command
of a Robinson model R-22 or R-44 helicopter. The requirements stated in this
SFAR are in addition to the current requirements of part 61.

2. Required training, aeronautical experience, endorsements, and flight
review.
(a) Awareness Training:
(1) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(2) of this section, no person may
manipulate the controls of a Robinson model R-22 or R-44 helicopter after
March 27, 1995, for the purpose of flight unless the awareness training
specified in paragraph (a)(3) of this section is completed and the person's
logbook has been endorsed by a certified flight instructor authorized under
paragraph (b)(5) of this section.
(2) A person who holds a rotorcraft category and helicopter class rating on
that person's pilot certificate and meets the experience requirements of
paragraph (b)(1) or paragraph (b)(2) of this section may not manipulate the
controls of a Robinson model R-22 or R-44 helicopter for the purpose of
flight after April 26, 1995, unless the awareness training specified in
paragraph (a)(3) of this section is completed and the person's logbook has
been endorsed by a certified flight instructor authorized under paragraph
(b)(5) of this section.
(3) Awareness training must be conducted by a certified flight instructor
who has been endorsed under paragraph (b)(5) of this section and consists of
instruction in the following general subject areas:
(i) Energy management;
(ii) Mast bumping;
(iii) Low rotor RPM (blade stall);
(iv) Low G hazards; and
(v) Rotor RPM decay.
(4) A person who can show satisfactory completion of the manufacturer's
safety course after January 1, 1994, may obtain an endorsement from an FAA
aviation safety inspector in lieu of completing the awareness training
required in paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2) of this section.
(b) Aeronautical Experience:
(1) No person may act as pilot in command of a Robinson model R-22 unless
that person:
(i) Has had at least 200 flight hours in helicopters, at least 50 flight
hours of which were in the Robinson R-22; or
(ii) Has had at least 10 hours dual instruction in the Robinson R-22 and
has received an endorsement from a certified flight instructor authorized
under paragraph (b)(5) of this section that the individual has been given the
training required by this paragraph and is proficient to act as pilot in
command of an R-22. Beginning 12 calendar months after the date of the
endorsement, the individual may not act as pilot in command unless the
individual has completed a flight review in an R-22 within the preceding 12
calendar months and obtained an endorsement for that flight review. The dual
instruction must include at least the following abnormal and emergency
procedures flight training:
(A) Enhanced training in autorotation procedures,
(B) Engine rotor RPM control without the use of the governor,
(C) Low rotor RPM recognition and recovery, and
(D) Effects of low G maneuvers and proper recovery procedures.
(2) No person may act as pilot in command of a Robinson R-44 unless that
person--
(i) Has had at least 200 flight hours in helicopters, at least 50 flight
hours of which were in the Robinson R-44. The pilot in command may credit up
to 25 flight hours in the Robinson R-22 toward the 50 hour requirement in the
Robinson R-44; or
(ii) Has had at least 10 hours dual instruction in a Robinson helicopter,
at least 5 hours of which must have been accomplished in the Robinson R-44
helicopter and has received an endorsement from a certified flight instructor
authorized under paragraph (b)(5) of this section that the individual has
been given the training required by this paragraph and is proficient to act
as pilot in command of an R-44. Beginning 12 calendar months after the date
of the endorsement, the individual may not act as pilot in command unless the
individual has completed a flight review in a Robinson R-44 within the
preceding 12 calendar months and obtained an endorsement for that flight
review. The dual instruction must include at least the following abnormal and
emergency procedures flight training--
(A) Enhanced training in autorotation procedures;
(B) Engine rotor RPM control without the use of the governor;
(C) Low rotor RPM recognition and recovery; and
(D) Effects of low G maneuvers and proper recovery procedures.
(3) A person who does not hold a rotorcraft category and helicopter class
rating must have had at least 20 hours of dual instruction in a Robinson R-22
helicopter prior to operating it in solo flight. In addition, the person must
obtain an endorsement from a certified flight instructor authorized under
paragraph (b)(5) of this section that instruction has been given in those
maneuvers and procedures, and the instructor has found the applicant
proficient to solo a Robinson R-22. This endorsement is valid for a period of
90 days. The dual instruction must include at least the following abnormal
and emergency procedures flight training:
(i) Enhanced training in autorotation procedures,
(ii) Engine rotor RPM control without the use of the governor,
(iii) Low rotor RPM recognition and recovery, and
(iv) Effects of low G maneuvers and proper recovery procedures.
(4) A person who does not hold a rotorcraft category and helicopter class
rating must have had at least 20 hours of dual instruction in a Robinson R-44
helicopter prior to operating it in solo flight. In addition, the person must
obtain an endorsement from a certified flight instructor authorized under
paragraph (b)(5) of this section that instruction has been given in those
maneuvers and procedures, and the instructor has found the applicant
proficient to solo a Robinson R-44. This endorsement is valid for a period of
90 days. The dual instruction must include at least the following abnormal
and emergency procedures flight training:
(i) Enhanced training in autorotation procedures,
(ii) Engine rotor RPM control without the use of the governor,
(iii) Low rotor RPM recognition and recovery, and
(iv) Effects of low G maneuvers and proper recovery procedures.
(5) No certificated flight instructor may provide instruction or conduct a
flight review in a Robinson R-22 or R-44 unless that instructor--
(i) Completes the awareness training in paragraph 2(a) of this SFAR.
(ii) For the Robinson R-22, has had at least 200 flight hours in
helicopters, at least 50 flight hours of which were in the Robinson R-22, or
for the Robinson R-44, has had at least 200 flight hours in helicopters, 50
flight hours of which were in Robinson helicopters. Up to 25 flight hours of
Robinson R-22 flight time may be credited toward the 50 hour requirement.
(iii) Has completed flight training in a Robinson R-22, R-44, or both, on
the following abnormal and emergency procedures--
(A) Enhanced training in autorotation procedures;
(B) Engine rotor RPM control without the use of the governor;
(C) Low rotor RPM recognition and recovery; and
(D) Effects of low G maneuvers and proper recovery procedures.
(iv) Has been authorized by endorsement from an FAA aviation safety
inspector or authorized designated examiner that the instructor has completed
the appropriate training, meets the experience requirements and has
satisfactorily demonstrated an ability to provide instruction on the general
subject areas of paragraph 2(a)(3) of this SFAR, and the flight training
identified in paragraph 2(b)(5)(iii) of this SFAR.

(c) Flight Review:
(1) No flight review completed to satisfy Sec. 61.56 by an individual after
becoming eligible to function as pilot in command in a Robinson R-22
helicopter shall be valid for the operation of R-22 helicopter unless that
flight review was taken in an R-22.
(2) No flight review completed to satisfy Sec. 61.56 by individual after
becoming eligible to function as pilot in command in a Robinson R-44
helicopter shall be valid for the operation of R-44 helicopter unless that
flight review was taken in the R-44.
(d) Currency Requirements: No person may act as pilot in command of a
Robinson model R-22 or R-44 helicopter carrying passengers unless the pilot
in command has met the recency of flight experience requirements of Sec.
61.57 in an R-22 or R-44, as appropriate.

3. Expiration date. This SFAR expires on December 31, 2002, unless sooner
superceded or rescinded.


[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997, as amended at 63 FR 666, Jan. 7,
1998]




                          Subpart A--General




Sec. 61.1   Applicability and definitions.

(a) This part prescribes:
(1) The requirements for issuing pilot, flight instructor, and ground
instructor certificates and ratings; the conditions under which those
certificates and ratings are necessary; and the privileges and limitations of
those certificates and ratings.
(2) The requirements for issuing pilot, flight instructor, and ground
instructor authorizations; the conditions under which those authorizations
are necessary; and the privileges and limitations of those authorizations.
(3) The requirements for issuing pilot, flight instructor, and ground
instructor certificates and ratings for persons who have taken courses
approved by the Administrator under other parts of this chapter.
(b) For the purpose of this part:
(1) Aeronautical experience means pilot time obtained in an aircraft,
flight simulator, or flight training device for meeting the appropriate
training and flight time requirements for an airman certificate, rating,
flight review, or recency of flight experience requirements of this part.
(2) Authorized instructor means--
(i) A person who holds a valid ground instructor certificate issued under
part 61 or part 143 of this chapter when conducting ground training in
accordance with the privileges and limitations of his or her ground
instructor certificate;
(ii) A person who holds a current flight instructor certificate issued
under part 61 of this chapter when conducting ground training or flight
training in accordance with the privileges and limitations of his or her
flight instructor certificate; or
(iii) A person authorized by the Administrator to provide ground training
or flight training under SFAR No. 58, or part 61, 121, 135, or 142 of this
chapter when conducting ground training or flight training in accordance with
that authority.
(3) Cross-country time means--
(i) Except as provided in paragraphs (b)(3) (ii), (iii), (iv), and (v) of
this section, time acquired during a flight--
(A) Conducted by a person who holds a pilot certificate;
(B) Conducted in an aircraft;
(C) That includes a landing at a point other than the point of departure;
and
(D) That involves the use of dead reckoning, pilotage, electronic
navigation aids, radio aids, or other navigation systems to navigate to the
landing point.
(ii) For the purpose of meeting the aeronautical experience requirements
(except for a rotorcraft category rating), for a private pilot certificate, a
commercial pilot certificate, or an instrument rating, or for the purpose of
exercising recreational pilot privileges (except in a rotorcraft) under Sec.
61.101(c), time acquired during a flight--
(A) Conducted in an appropriate aircraft;
(B) That includes a point of landing that was at least a straight-line
distance of more than 50 nautical miles from the original point of departure;
and
(C) That involves the use of dead reckoning, pilotage, electronic
navigation aids, radio aids, or other navigation systems to navigate to the
landing point.
(iii) For the purpose of meeting the aeronautical experience requirements
for any pilot certificate with a rotorcraft category rating or an instrument-
helicopter rating, or for the purpose of exercising recreational pilot
privileges, in a rotorcraft, under Sec. 61.101(c), time acquired during a
flight--
(A) Conducted in an appropriate aircraft;
(B) That includes a point of landing that was at least a straight-line
distance of more than 25 nautical miles from the original point of departure;
and
(C) That involves the use of dead reckoning, pilotage, electronic
navigation aids, radio aids, or other navigation systems to navigate to the
landing point.
(iv) For the purpose of meeting the aeronautical experience requirements
for an airline transport pilot certificate (except with a rotorcraft category
rating), time acquired during a flight--
(A) Conducted in an appropriate aircraft;
(B) That is at least a straight-line distance of more than 50 nautical
miles from the original point of departure; and
(C) That involves the use of dead reckoning, pilotage, electronic
navigation aids, radio aids, or other navigation systems.
(v) For a military pilot who qualifies for a commercial pilot certificate
(except with a rotorcraft category rating) under Sec. 61.73 of this part,
time acquired during a flight--
(A) Conducted in an appropriate aircraft;
(B) That is at least a straight-line distance of more than 50 nautical
miles from the original point of departure; and
(C) That involves the use of dead reckoning, pilotage, electronic
navigation aids, radio aids, or other navigation systems.
(4) Examiner means any person who is authorized by the Administrator to
conduct a pilot proficiency test or a practical test for an airman
certificate or rating issued under this part, or a person who is authorized
to conduct a knowledge test under this part.
(5) Flight simulator means a device that--
(i) Is a full-size aircraft cockpit replica of a specific type of aircraft,
or make, model, and series of aircraft;
(ii) Includes the hardware and software necessary to represent the aircraft
in ground operations and flight operations;
(iii) Uses a force cueing system that provides cues at least equivalent to
those cues provided by a 3 degree freedom of motion system;
(iv) Uses a visual system that provides at least a 45 degree horizontal
field of view and a 30 degree vertical field of view simultaneously for each
pilot; and
(v) Has been evaluated, qualified, and approved by the Administrator.
(6) Flight training means that training, other than ground training,
received from an authorized instructor in flight in an aircraft.
(7) Flight training device means a device that--
(i) Is a full-size replica of the instruments, equipment, panels, and
controls of an aircraft, or set of aircraft, in an open flight deck area or
in an enclosed cockpit, including the hardware and software for the systems
installed, that is necessary to simulate the aircraft in ground and flight
operations;
(ii) Need not have a force (motion) cueing or visual system; and
(iii) Has been evaluated, qualified, and approved by the Administrator.
(8) Ground training means that training, other than flight training,
received from an authorized instructor.
(9) Instrument approach means an approach procedure defined in part 97 of
this chapter.
(10) Instrument training means that time in which instrument training is
received from an authorized instructor under actual or simulated instrument
conditions.
(11) Knowledge test means a test on the aeronautical knowledge areas
required for an airman certificate or rating that can be administered in
written form or by a computer.
(12) Pilot time means that time in which a person--
(i) Serves as a required pilot flight crewmember;
(ii) Receives training from an authorized instructor in an aircraft,
flight simulator, or flight training device; or
(iii) Gives training as an authorized instructor in an aircraft, flight
simulator, or flight training device.
(13) Practical test means a test on the areas of operations for an airman
certificate, rating, or authorization that is conducted by having the
applicant respond to questions and demonstrate maneuvers in flight, in a
flight simulator, or in a flight training device.
(14) Set of aircraft means aircraft that share similar performance
characteristics, such as similar airspeed and altitude operating envelopes,
similar handling characteristics, and the same number and type of propulsion
systems.
(15) Training time means training received--
(i) In flight from an authorized instructor;
(ii) On the ground from an authorized instructor; or
(iii) In a flight simulator or flight training device from an authorized
instructor.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40893, July
30, 1997]


Sec. 61.3   Requirement for certificates, ratings, and authorizations.

(a) Pilot certificate. A person may not act as pilot flight crewmember in
command or in any other capacity as a required pilot of a civil aircraft of
U.S. registry, unless that person has a valid pilot certificate or special
purpose pilot authorization issued under this part in that person's physical
possession or readily accessible in the aircraft when exercising the
privileges of that pilot certificate or authorization. However, when the
aircraft is operated within a foreign country, a current pilot license issued
by the country in which the aircraft is operated may be used.
(b) Required pilot flight crewmember certificate for operating a
foreign-registered aircraft. A person may not act as pilot in command or in
any other capacity as a required pilot of a civil aircraft of foreign
registry within the United States, unless that person's pilot certificate:
(1) Is valid and in that person's physical possession, or readily
accessible in the aircraft when exercising the privileges of that pilot
certificate; and
(2) Has been issued under this part, or has been issued or validated by the
country in which the aircraft is registered.
(c) Medical certificate. (1) Except as provided for in paragraph (c)(2) of
this section, a person may not act as pilot in command or in any other
capacity as a required pilot flight crewmember of an aircraft, under a
certificate issued to that person under this part, unless that person has a
current and appropriate medical certificate that has been issued under part
67 of this chapter, or other documentation acceptable to the Administrator,
which is in that person's physical possession or readily accessible in the
aircraft.
(2) A person is not required to meet the requirements of paragraph (c)(1)
of this section if that person--
(i) Is exercising the privileges of a student pilot certificate while
seeking a pilot certificate with a glider category rating or balloon class
rating;
(ii) Is holding a pilot certificate with a balloon class rating and is
piloting or providing training in a balloon as appropriate;
(iii) Is holding a pilot certificate or a flight instructor certificate
with a glider category rating, and is piloting or providing training in a
glider, as appropriate;
(iv) Except as provided in paragraph (c)(2)(iii) of this section, is
exercising the privileges of a flight instructor certificate, provided the
person is not acting as pilot in command or as a required pilot flight
crewmember;
(v) Is exercising the privileges of a ground instructor certificate;
(vi) Is operating an aircraft within a foreign country using a pilot
license issued by that country and possesses evidence of current medical
qualification for that license; or
(vii) Is operating an aircraft with a U.S. pilot certificate, issued on the
basis of a foreign pilot license, issued under Sec. 61.75 of this part, and
holds a current medical certificate issued by the foreign country that issued
the foreign pilot license, which is in that person's physical possession or
readily accessible in the aircraft when exercising the privileges of that
airman certificate.
(d) Flight instructor certificate. (1) A person who holds a flight
instructor certificate issued under this part must have that certificate, or
other documentation acceptable to the Administrator, in that person's
physical possession or readily accessible in the aircraft when exercising the
privileges of that flight instructor certificate.
(2) Except as provided in paragraph (d)(3) of this section, no person other
than the holder of a flight instructor certificate issued under this part
with the appropriate rating on that certificate may--
(i) Give training required to qualify a person for solo flight and solo
cross-country flight;
(ii) Endorse an applicant for a--
(A) Pilot certificate or rating issued under this part;
(B) Flight instructor certificate or rating issued under this part; or
(C) Ground instructor certificate or rating issued under this part;
(iii) Endorse a pilot logbook to show training given; or
(iv) Endorse a student pilot certificate and logbook for solo operating
privileges.
(3) A flight instructor certificate issued under this part is not
necessary--
(i) Under paragraph (d)(2) of this section, if the training is given by the
holder of a commercial pilot certificate with a lighter-than-air rating,
provided the training is given in accordance with the privileges of the
certificate in a lighter-than-air aircraft;
(ii) Under paragraph (d)(2) of this section, if the training is given by
the holder of an airline transport pilot certificate with a rating
appropriate to the aircraft in which the training is given, provided the
training is given in accordance with the privileges of the certificate and
conducted in accordance with an approved air carrier training program
approved under part 121 or part 135 of this chapter;
(iii) Under paragraph (d)(2) of this section, if the training is given by a
person who is qualified in accordance with subpart C of part 142 of this
chapter, provided the training is conducted in accordance with an approved
part 142 training program;
(iv) Under paragraphs (d)(2)(i), (d)(2)(ii)(C), and (d)(2)(iii) of this
section, if the training is given by the holder of a ground instructor
certificate in accordance with the privileges of the certificate; or
(v) Under paragraph (d)(2)(iii) of this section, if the training is given
by an authorized flight instructor under Sec. 61.41 of this part.
(e) Instrument rating. No person may act as pilot in command of a civil
aircraft under IFR or in weather conditions less than the minimums prescribed
for VFR flight unless that person holds:
(1) The appropriate aircraft category, class, type (if required), and
instrument rating on that person's pilot certificate for any airplane,
helicopter, or powered-lift being flown;
(2) An airline transport pilot certificate with the appropriate aircraft
category, class, and type rating (if required) for the aircraft being flown;
(3) For a glider, a pilot certificate with a glider category rating and an
airplane instrument rating; or
(4) For an airship, a commercial pilot certificate with a lighter-than-air
category rating and airship class rating.
(f) Category II pilot authorization. Except for a pilot conducting Category
II operations under part 121 or part 135, a person may not:
(1) Act as pilot in command of a civil aircraft during Category II
operations unless that person--
(i) Holds a current Category II pilot authorization for that category or
class of aircraft, and the type of aircraft, if applicable; or
(ii) In the case of a civil aircraft of foreign registry, is authorized by
the country of registry to act as pilot in command of that aircraft in
Category II operations.
(2) Act as second in command of a civil aircraft during Category II
operations unless that person--
(i) Holds a valid pilot certificate with category and class ratings for
that aircraft and a current instrument rating for that category aircraft;
(ii) Holds an airline transport pilot certificate with category and class
ratings for that aircraft; or
(iii) In the case of a civil aircraft of foreign registry, is authorized by
the country of registry to act as second in command of that aircraft during
Category II operations.
(g) Category III pilot authorization. Except for a pilot conducting
Category III operations under part 121 or part 135, a person may not:
(1) Act as pilot in command of a civil aircraft during Category III
operations unless that person--
(i) Holds a current Category III pilot authorization for that category or
class of aircraft, and the type of aircraft, if applicable; or
(ii) In the case of a civil aircraft of foreign registry, is authorized by
the country of registry to act as pilot in command of that aircraft in
Category III operations.
(2) Act as second in command of a civil aircraft during Category III
operations unless that person--
(i) Holds a valid pilot certificate with category and class ratings for
that aircraft and a current instrument rating for that category aircraft;
(ii) Holds an airline transport pilot certificate with category and class
ratings for that aircraft; or
(iii) In the case of a civil aircraft of foreign registry, is authorized by
the country of registry to act as second in command of that aircraft during
Category III operations.
(h) Category A aircraft pilot authorization. The Administrator may issue a
certificate of authorization for a Category II or Category III operation to
the pilot of a small aircraft that is a Category A aircraft, as identified in
Sec. 97.3(b)(1) of this chapter if:
(1) The Administrator determines that the Category II or Category III
operation can be performed safely by that pilot under the terms of the
certificate of authorization; and
(2) The Category II or Category III operation does not involve the carriage
of persons or property for compensation or hire.
(i) Ground instructor certificate. (1) Each person who holds a ground
instructor certificate issued under this part or part 143 must have that
certificate in that person's physical possession or immediately accessible
when exercising the privileges of that certificate.
(2) Except as provided in paragraph (i)(3) of this section, no person other
than the holder of a ground instructor certificate, issued under this part or
part 143, with the appropriate rating on that certificate may--
(i) Give ground training required to qualify a person for solo flight and
solo cross-country flight;
(ii) Endorse an applicant for a knowledge test required for a pilot, flight
instructor, or ground instructor certificate or rating issued under this
part; or
(iii) Endorse a pilot logbook to show ground training given.
(3) A ground instructor certificate issued under this part is not
necessary--
(i) Under paragraph (i)(2) of this section, if the training is given by the
holder of a flight instructor certificate issued under this part in
accordance with the privileges of that certificate;
(ii) Under paragraph (i)(2) of this section, if the training is given by
the holder of a commercial pilot certificate with a lighter-than-air rating,
provided the training is given in accordance with the privileges of the
certificate in a lighter-than-air aircraft;
(iii) Under paragraph (i)(2) of this section, if the training is given by
the holder of an airline transport pilot certificate with a rating
appropriate to the aircraft in which the training is given, provided the
training is given in accordance with the privileges of the certificate and
conducted in accordance with an approved air carrier training program
approved under part 121 or part 135 of this chapter;
(iv) Under paragraph (i)(2) of this section, if the training is given by a
person who is qualified in accordance with subpart C of part 142 of this
chapter, provided the training is conducted in accordance with an approved
part 142 training program; or
(v) Under paragraph (i)(2)(iii) of this section, if the training is given
by an authorized flight instructor under Sec. 61.41 of this part.
(j) Age limitation for certain operations.
(1) Age limitation. Except as provided in paragraph (j)(3) of this section,
no person who holds a pilot certificate issued under this part shall serve as
a pilot on a civil airplane of U.S. registry in the following operations if
the person has reached his or her 60th birthday--
(i) Scheduled international air services carrying passengers in turbojet-
powered airplanes;
(ii) Scheduled international air services carrying passengers in airplanes
having a passenger-seat configuration of more than nine passenger seats,
excluding each crewmember seat;
(iii) Nonscheduled international air transportation for compensation or
hire in airplanes having a passenger-seat configuration of more than 30
passenger seats, excluding each crewmember seat; or
(iv) Scheduled international air services, or nonscheduled international
air transportation for compensation or hire, in airplanes having a payload
capacity of more than 7,500 pounds.
(2) Definitions. (i) "International air service," as used in paragraph (j)
of this section, means scheduled air service performed in airplanes for the
public transport of passengers, mail, or cargo, in which the service passes
through the airspace over the territory of more than one country.
(ii) "International air transportation," as used in paragraph (j) of this
section, means air transportation performed in airplanes for the public
transport of passengers, mail, or cargo, in which the service passes through
the airspace over the territory of more than one country.
(3) Delayed pilot age limitation. Until December 20, 1999, a person may
serve as a pilot in operations covered by this paragraph after that person
has reached his or her 60th birthday if, on March 20, 1997, that person was
employed as a pilot in operations covered by this paragraph.
(k) Special purpose pilot authorization. Any person that is required to
hold a special purpose pilot authorization, issued in accordance with Sec.
61.77 of this part, must have that authorization and the person's foreign
pilot license in that person's physical possession or have it readily
accessible in the aircraft when exercising the privileges of that
authorization.
(l) Inspection of certificate. Each person who holds an airman certificate,
medical certificate, authorization, or license required by this part must
present it for inspection upon a request from:
(1) The Administrator;
(2) An authorized representative of the National Transportation Safety
Board; or
(3) Any Federal, State, or local law enforcement officer.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40894, July
30, 1997]



Sec. 61.4   Qualification and approval of flight simulators and flight
 training devices.

(a) Except as specified in paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, each
flight simulator and flight training device used for training, and for which
an airman is to receive credit to satisfy any training, testing, or checking
requirement under this chapter, must be qualified and approved by the
Administrator for--
(1) The training, testing, and checking for which it is used;
(2) Each particular maneuver, procedure, or crewmember function performed;
and
(3) The representation of the specific category and class of aircraft, type
of aircraft, particular variation within the type of aircraft, or set of
aircraft for certain flight training devices.
(b) Any device used for flight training, testing, or checking that has been
determined to be acceptable to or approved by the Administrator prior to
August 1, 1996, which can be shown to function as originally designed, is
considered to be a flight training device, provided it is used for the same
purposes for which it was originally accepted or approved and only to the
extent of such acceptance or approval.
(c) The Administrator may approve a device other than a flight simulator
or flight training device for specific purposes.

[Amdt. 60-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40895, July
30, 1997]
62 FR 40748, No. 146, July 30, 1997



Sec. 61.5   Certificates and ratings issued under this part.

(a) The following certificates are issued under this part to an applicant
who satisfactorily accomplishes the training and certification requirements
for the certificate sought:
(1) Pilot certificates--
(i) Student pilot.
(ii) Recreational pilot.
(iii) Private pilot.
(iv) Commercial pilot.
(v) Airline transport pilot.
(2) Flight instructor certificates.
(3) Ground instructor certificates.
(b) The following ratings are placed on a pilot certificate (other than
student pilot) when an applicant satisfactorily accomplishes the training and
certification requirements for the rating sought:
(1) Aircraft category ratings--
(i) Airplane.
(ii) Rotorcraft.
(iii) Glider.
(iv) Lighter-than-air.
(v) Powered-lift.
(2) Airplane class ratings--
(i) Single-engine land.
(ii) Multiengine land.
(iii) Single-engine sea.
(iv) Multiengine sea.
(3) Rotorcraft class ratings--
(i) Helicopter.
(ii) Gyroplane.
(4) Lighter-than-air class ratings--
(i) Airship.
(ii) Balloon.
(5) Aircraft type ratings--
(i) Large aircraft other than lighter-than-air.
(ii) Turbojet-powered airplanes.
(iii) Other aircraft type ratings specified by the Administrator through
the aircraft type certification procedures.
(6) Instrument ratings (on private and commercial pilot certificates
only)--
(i) Instrument--Airplane.
(ii) Instrument--Helicopter.
(iii) Instrument--Powered-lift.
(c) The following ratings are placed on a flight instructor certificate
when an applicant satisfactorily accomplishes the training and certification
requirements for the rating sought:
(1) Aircraft category ratings--
(i) Airplane.
(ii) Rotorcraft.
(iii) Glider.
(iv) Powered-lift.
(2) Airplane class ratings--
(i) Single-engine.
(ii) Multiengine.
(3) Rotorcraft class ratings--
(i) Helicopter.
(ii) Gyroplane.
(4) Instrument ratings--
(i) Instrument--Airplane.
(ii) Instrument--Helicopter.
(iii) Instrument--Powered-lift.
(d) The following ratings are placed on a ground instructor certificate
when an applicant satisfactorily accomplishes the training and certification
requirements for the rating sought:
(1) Basic.
(2) Advanced.
(3) Instrument.





Sec. 61.7   Obsolete certificates and ratings.

(a) The holder of a free-balloon pilot certificate issued before November
1, 1973, may not exercise the privileges of that certificate.
(b) The holder of a pilot certificate that bears any of the following
category ratings without an associated class rating may not exercise the
privileges of that category rating:
(1) Rotorcraft.
(2) Lighter-than-air.
(3) Helicopter.
(4) Autogyro.





Sec. 61.9   [Reserved.]



Sec. 61.11  Expired pilot certificates and reissuance.

(a) No person who holds an expired pilot certificate or rating may:
(1) Exercise the privileges of that pilot certificate or rating; or
(2) Act as pilot in command or as a required pilot flight crewmember of an
aircraft of the same category and class specified on the expired pilot
certificate or rating.
(b) The following pilot certificates and ratings have expired and may
will not be reissued:
(1) An airline transport pilot certificate issued before May 1, 1949, or an
airline transport pilot certificate that contains a horsepower limitation;
(2) A private or commercial pilot certificate issued before July 1, 1945;
and
(3) A pilot certificate with a lighter-than-air or free-balloon rating
issued before July 1, 1945.
(c) A pilot certificate issued on the basis of a foreign pilot license will
expire on the date the foreign license expires unless otherwise specified
on the U.S. pilot certificate. A certificate only if that person meets the
requirements of sec. 61.75 for the issuance of a pilot license.
(d) An airline transport pilot certificate issued after April 30, 1949,
that bears an expiration date but does not contain a horsepower limitation
may be reissued without an expiration date.
(e) A private or commercial pilot certificate issued after June 30, 1945,
that bears an expiration date may be reissued without an expiration date.
(f) A pilot certificate with a lighter-than-air or free-balloon rating
issued after June 30, 1945, that bears an expiration date may be reissued
without an expiration date.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40895, July
30, 1997]



Sec. 61.13   Issuance of airman certificates, ratings, and authorizations.

(a) Application. (1) An applicant for an airman certificate, rating, or
authorization under this part must make that application on a form and in a
manner acceptable to the Administrator.
(2) An applicant who is neither a citizen of the United States nor a
resident alien of the United States--
(i) Must show evidence that the appropriate fee prescribed in appendix A to
part 187 of this chapter has been paid when that person applies for a--
(A) Student pilot certificate that is issued outside the United States; or
(B) Knowledge test or practical test for an airman certificate or rating
issued under this part, if the test is administered outside the United
States.
(ii) May be refused issuance of any U.S. airman certificate, rating, or
authorization by the Administrator.
(3) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(2)(ii) of this section, an
applicant who satisfactorily accomplishes the training and certification
requirements for the certificate, rating, or authorization sought is entitled
to receive that airman certificate, rating, or authorization.
(b) Limitations. (1) An applicant who cannot comply with certain areas of
operation required on the practical test because of physical limitations may
be issued an airman certificate, rating, or authorization with the
appropriate limitation placed on the applicant's airman certificate provided
the--
(i) Applicant is able to meet all other certification requirements for the
airman certificate, rating, or authorization sought; (ii) Physical limitation
has been recorded with the FAA on the applicant's medical records; and
(iii) Administrator determines that the applicant's inability to perform
the particular area of operation will not adversely affect safety.
(2) A limitation placed on a person's airman certificate may be removed,
provided that person demonstrates for an examiner satisfactory proficiency in
the area of operation appropriate to the airman certificate, rating, or
authorization sought.
(c) Additional requirements for Category II and Category III pilot
authorizations. (1) A Category II or Category III pilot authorization is
issued by a letter of authorization as part of an applicant's instrument
rating or airline transport pilot certificate.
(2) Upon original issue, the authorization contains the following
limitations:
(i) For Category II operations, the limitation is 1,600 feet RVR and a 150-
foot decision height; and
(ii) For Category III operations, each initial limitation is specified in
the authorization document.
(3) The limitations on a Category II or Category III pilot authorization
may be removed as follows:
(i) In the case of Category II limitations, a limitation is removed when
the holder shows that, since the beginning of the sixth preceding month, the
holder has made three Category II ILS approaches with a 150-foot decision
height to a landing under actual or simulated instrument conditions.
(ii) In the case of Category III limitations, a limitation is removed as
specified in the authorization.
(4) To meet the experience requirements of paragraph (c)(3) of this
section, and for the practical test required by this part for a Category II
or a Category III pilot authorization, a flight simulator or flight training
device may be used if it is approved by the Administrator for such use.
(d) Application during suspension or revocation. (1) Unless otherwise
authorized by the Administrator, a person whose pilot, flight instructor, or
ground instructor certificate has been suspended may not apply for any
certificate, rating, or authorization during the period of suspension.
(2) Unless otherwise authorized by the Administrator, a person whose pilot,
flight instructor, or ground instructor certificate has been revoked may not
apply for any certificate, rating, or authorization for 1 year after the date
of revocation.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40895, July
30, 1997]



Sec. 61.14   Refusal to submit to a drug or alcohol test.

(a) This section applies to an employee who performs a function listed in
appendix I to part 121 or appendix J to part 121 of this chapter directly or
by contract for a part 121 air carrier, a part 135 air carrier, or for a
person conducting operations as specified in Sec. 135.1(a)(5) of this
chapter.
(b) Refusal by the holder of a certificate issued under this part to take a
drug test required under the provisions of appendix I to part 121 or an
alcohol test required under the provisions of appendix J to part 121 is
grounds for:
(1) Denial of an application for any certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part for a period of up to 1 year after the date of such
refusal; and
(2) Suspension or revocation of any certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part.



Sec. 61.15   Offenses involving alcohol or drugs.

(a) A conviction for the violation of any Federal or State statute relating
to the growing, processing, manufacture, sale, disposition, possession,
transportation, or importation of narcotic drugs, marijuana, or depressant or
stimulant drugs or substances is grounds for:
(1) Denial of an application for any certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part for a period of up to 1 year after the date of final
conviction; or
(2) Suspension or revocation of any certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part.
(b) Committing an act prohibited by Sec. 91.17(a) or Sec. 91.19(a) of this
chapter is grounds for:
(1) Denial of an application for a certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part for a period of up to 1 year after the date of that
act; or
(2) Suspension or revocation of any certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part.
(c) For the purposes of paragraphs (d), (e), and (f) of this section, a
motor vehicle action means:
(1) A conviction after November 29, 1990, for the violation of any Federal
or State statute relating to the operation of a motor vehicle while
intoxicated by alcohol or a drug, while impaired by alcohol or a drug, or
while under the influence of alcohol or a drug;
(2) The cancellation, suspension, or revocation of a license to operate a
motor vehicle after November 29, 1990, for a cause related to the operation
of a motor vehicle while intoxicated by alcohol or a drug, while impaired by
alcohol or a drug, or while under the influence of alcohol or a drug; or
(3) The denial after November 29, 1990, of an application for a license to
operate a motor vehicle for a cause related to the operation of a motor
vehicle while intoxicated by alcohol or a drug, while impaired by alcohol or
a drug, or while under the influence of alcohol or a drug.
(d) Except for a motor vehicle action that results from the same incident
or arises out of the same factual circumstances, a motor vehicle action
occurring within 3 years of a previous motor vehicle action is grounds for:
(1) Denial of an application for any certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part for a period of up to 1 year after the date of the
last motor vehicle action; or
(2) Suspension or revocation of any certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part.
(e) Each person holding a certificate issued under this part shall provide
a written report of each motor vehicle action to the FAA, Civil Aviation
Security Division (AMC-700), P.O. Box 25810, Oklahoma City, OK 73125, not
later than 60 days after the motor vehicle action. The report must include:
(1) The person's name, address, date of birth, and airman certificate
number;
(2) The type of violation that resulted in the conviction or the
administrative action;
(3) The date of the conviction or administrative action;
(4) The State that holds the record of conviction or administrative action;
and
(5) A statement of whether the motor vehicle action resulted from the same
incident or arose out of the same factual circumstances related to a
previously reported motor vehicle action.
(f) Failure to comply with paragraph (e) of this section is grounds for:
(1) Denial of an application for any certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part for a period of up to 1 year after the date of the
motor vehicle action; or
(2) Suspension or revocation of any certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part.




Sec. 61.16   Refusal to submit to an alcohol test or to furnish test results.

A refusal to submit to a test to indicate the percentage by weight of
alcohol in the blood, when requested by a law enforcement officer in
accordance with Sec. 91.17(c) of this chapter, or a refusal to furnish or
authorize the release of the test results requested by the Administrator in
accordance with Sec. 91.17(c) or (d) of this chapter, is grounds for:
(a) Denial of an application for any certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part for a period of up to 1 year after the date of that
refusal; or
(b) Suspension or revocation of any certificate, rating, or authorization
issued under this part.



Sec. 61.17   Temporary certificate.

(a) A temporary pilot, flight instructor, or ground instructor certificate
or rating is issued for up to 120 days, at which time a permanent certificate
will be issued to a person whom the Administrator finds qualified under this
part.
(b) A temporary pilot, flight instructor, or ground instructor certificate
or rating expires:
(1) On the expiration date shown on the certificate;
(2) Upon receipt of the permanent certificate; or
(3) Upon receipt of a notice that the certificate or rating sought is
denied or revoked.



Sec. 61.19   Duration of pilot and instructor certificates.

(a) General. The holder of a certificate with an expiration date may not,
after that date, exercise the privileges of that certificate.
(b) Student pilot certificate. A student pilot certificate expires 24
calendar months from the month in which it is issued.
(c) Other pilot certificates. A pilot certificate (other than a student
pilot certificate) issued under this part is issued without a specific
expiration date. The holder of a pilot certificate issued on the basis of a
foreign pilot license may exercise the privileges of that certificate only
while that person's foreign pilot license is effective.
(d) Flight instructor certificate. A flight instructor certificate:
(1) Is effective only while the holder has a current pilot certificate; and
(2) Except as specified in Sec. 61.197(b) of this part, expires 24 calendar
months from the month in which it was issued or renewed.
(e) Ground instructor certificate. A ground instructor certificate issued
under this part is issued without a specific expiration date.
(f) Surrender, suspension, or revocation. Any certificate issued under this
part ceases to be effective if it is surrendered, suspended, or revoked.
(g) Return of certificates. The holder of any certificate issued under this
part that has been suspended or revoked must return that certificate to the
FAA when requested to do so by the Administrator.



Sec. 61.21   Duration of a Category II and a Category III pilot authorization
(for other than part 121 and part 135 use).

(a) A Category II pilot authorization or a Category III pilot authorization
expires at the end of the sixth calendar month after the month in which it
was issued or renewed.
(b) Upon passing a practical test for a Category II or Category III pilot
authorization, the authorization may be renewed for each type of aircraft for
which the authorization is held.
(c) A Category II or Category III pilot authorization for a specific type
aircraft for which an authorization is held will not be renewed beyond 12
calendar months from the month the practical test was accomplished in that
type aircraft.
(d) If the holder of a Category II or Category III pilot authorization
passes the practical test for a renewal in the month before the authorization
expires, the holder is considered to have passed it during the month the
authorization expired.



Sec. 61.23   Medical certificates: Requirement and duration.

(a) Operations requiring a medical certificate. Except as provided in
paragraph (b) of this section, a person:
(1) Must hold a first-class medical certificate when exercising the
privileges of an airline transport pilot certificate;
(2) Must hold at least a second-class medical certificate when exercising
the privileges of a commercial pilot certificate; or
(3) Must hold at least a third-class medical certificate--
(i) When exercising the privileges of a private pilot certificate;
(ii) When exercising the privileges of a recreational pilot certificate;
(iii) Except as specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this section, when
exercising the privileges of a student pilot certificate;
(iv) When exercising the privileges of a flight instructor certificate,
except for a flight instructor certificate with a glider category rating, if
the person is acting as the pilot in command or is serving as a required
pilot flight crewmember; or
(v) Except for a glider category rating or a balloon class rating, prior to
taking a practical test that is performed in an aircraft for a certificate or
rating at the recreational, private, commercial, or airline transport pilot
certificate level.
(b) Operations not requiring a medical certificate. A person is not
required to hold a medical certificate:
(1) When exercising the privileges of a pilot certificate with a glider
category rating;
(2) When exercising the privileges of a pilot certificate with a balloon
class rating;
(3) When exercising the privileges of a student pilot certificate while
seeking a pilot certificate with a glider category rating or balloon class
rating;
(4) When exercising the privileges of a flight instructor certificate with
a glider category rating;
(5) When exercising the privileges of a flight instructor certificate if
the person is not acting as pilot in command or serving as a required
pilot flight crewmember;
(6) When exercising the privileges of a ground instructor certificate;
(7) When serving as an examiner or check airman during the administration
of a test or check for a certificate, rating, or authorization conducted in
a flight simulator or flight training device; or
(8) When taking a test or check for a certificate, rating, or authorization
conducted in a flight simulator or flight training device.
(c) Duration of a medical certificate. (1) A first-class medical
certificate expires at the end of the last day of--
(i) The sixth month after the month of the date of examination shown on the
certificate for operations requiring an airline transport pilot certificate;
(ii) The 12th month after the month of the date of examination shown on the
certificate for operations requiring a commercial pilot certificate or an air
traffic control tower operator certificate; and
(iii) The period specified in paragraph (c)(3) of this section for
operations requiring a recreational pilot certificate, a private pilot
certificate, a flight instructor certificate (when acting as pilot in command
or a required pilot flight crewmember in operations other than glider or
balloon), or a student pilot certificate.
(2) A second-class medical certificate expires at the end of the last day
of--
(i) The 12th month after the month of the date of examination shown on the
certificate for operations requiring a commercial pilot certificate or an air
traffic control tower operator certificate; and
(ii) The period specified in paragraph (c)(3) of this section for
operations requiring a recreational pilot certificate, a private pilot
certificate, a flight instructor certificate (when acting as pilot in command
or a required pilot flight crewmember in operations other than glider or
balloon), or a student pilot certificate.
(3) A third-class medical certificate for operations requiring a
recreational pilot certificate, a private pilot certificate, a flight
instructor certificate (when acting as pilot in command or a required pilot
flight crewmember in operations other than glider or balloon), or a student
pilot certificate issued--
(i) Before September 16, 1996, expires at the end of the 24th month after
the month of the date of examination shown on the certificate; or
(ii) On or after September 16, 1996, expires at the end of:
(A) The 36th month after the month of the date of the examination shown on
the certificate if the person has not reached his or her 40th birthday on or
before the date of examination; or
(B) The 24th month after the month of the date of the examination shown on
the certificate if the person has reached his or her 40th birthday on or
before the date of the examination.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40895, July
30, 1997]



Sec. 61.25   Change of name.

(a) An application to change the name on a certificate issued under this
part must be accompanied by the applicant's:
(1) Current airman certificate; and
(2) A copy of the marriage license, court order, or other document
verifying the name change.
(b) The documents in paragraph (a) of this section will be returned to the
applicant after inspection.




Sec. 61.27   Voluntary surrender or exchange of certificate.

(a) The holder of a certificate issued under this part may voluntarily
surrender it for:
(1) Cancellation;
(2) Issuance of a lower grade certificate; or
(3) Another certificate with specific ratings deleted.
(b) Any request made under paragraph (a) of this section must include the
following signed statement or its equivalent: "This request is made for my
own reasons, with full knowledge that my (insert name of certificate or
rating, as appropriate) may not be reissued to me unless I again pass the
tests prescribed for its issuance."



Sec. 61.29   Replacement of a lost or destroyed airman or medical certificate
or knowledge test report.

(a) A request for the replacement of a lost or destroyed airman certificate
issued under this part must  be made by letter to the Department of
Transportation, FAA, Airman Certification Branch, P.O. Box 25082, Oklahoma
City, OK 73125, and must be accompanied by a check or money order for the
appropriate fee payable to the FAA.
(b) A request for the replacement of a lost or destroyed medical
certificate must be made by letter to the Department of Transportation, FAA,
Aeromedical Certification Branch, P.O. Box 25082, Oklahoma City, OK 73125,
and must be accompanied by a check or money order for the appropriate fee
payable to the FAA.
(c) A request for the replacement of a lost or destroyed knowledge test
report must be made by letter to the Department of Transportation, FAA,
Airman Certification Branch, P.O. Box 25082, Oklahoma City, OK 73125, and
must be accompanied by a check or money order for the appropriate fee
payable to the FAA.
(d) The letter requesting replacement of a lost or destroyed airman
certificate, medical certificate, or knowledge test report must state:
(1) The name of the person;
(2) The permanent mailing address (including ZIP code), or if the permanent
mailing address includes a post office box number, then the person's current
residential address;
(3) The social security number;
(4) The date and place of birth of the certificate holder; and
(5) Any available information regarding the--
(i) Grade, number, and date of issuance of the certificate, and the
ratings, if applicable;
(ii) Date of the medical examination, if applicable; and
(iii) Date the knowledge test was taken, if applicable.
(e) A person who has lost an airman certificate, medical certificate, or
knowledge test report may obtain a facsimile from the FAA Aeromedical
Certification Branch or the Airman Certification Branch, as appropriate
confirming that it was issued and the:
(1) Facsimile may be carried as an airman certificate, medical certificate,
or knowledge test report, as appropriate, for up to 60 days pending the
person's receipt of a duplicate under paragraph (a), (b), or (c) of this
section, unless the person has been notified that the certificate has been
suspended or revoked.
(2) Request for such a facsimile must include the date on which a duplicate
certificate or knowledge test report was previously requested.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40896, July
30, 1997]



Sec. 61.31   Type rating requirements, additional training, and authorization
requirements.

(a) Type ratings required. A person who acts as a pilot in command of any
of the following aircraft must hold a type rating for that aircraft:
(1) Large aircraft (except lighter-than-air).
(2) Turbojet-powered airplanes.
(3) Other aircraft specified by the Administrator through aircraft type
certificate procedures.
(b) Authorization in lieu of a type rating. A person may be authorized to
operate without a type rating for up to 60 days an aircraft requiring a type
rating, provided--
(1) The Administrator has authorized the flight or series of flights;
(2) The Administrator has determined that an equivalent level of safety can
be achieved through the operating limitations on the authorization;
(3) The person shows that compliance with paragraph (a) of this section is
impracticable for the flight or series of flights; and
(4) The flight--
(i) Involves only a ferry flight, training flight, test flight, or
practical test for a pilot certificate or rating;
(ii) Is within the United States;
(iii) Does not involve operations for compensation or hire unless the
compensation or hire involves payment for the use of the aircraft for
training or taking a practical test; and
(iv) Involves only the carriage of flight crewmembers considered essential
for the flight.
(5) If the flight or series of flights cannot be accomplished within the
time limit of the authorization, the Administrator may authorize an
additional period of up to 60 days to accomplish the flight or series of
flights.
(c) Aircraft category, class, and type ratings: Limitations on the carriage
of persons, or operating for compensation or hire. Unless a person holds a
category, class, and type rating (if a class and type rating is required)
that applies to the aircraft, that person may not act as pilot in command of
an aircraft that is carrying another person, or is operated for compensation
or hire. That person also may not act as pilot in command of that aircraft
for compensation or hire.
(d) Aircraft category, class, and type ratings: Limitations on operating an
aircraft as the pilot in command. To serve as the pilot in command of an
aircraft, a person must--
(1) Hold the appropriate category, class, and type rating (if a class
rating and type rating are required) for the aircraft to be flown;
(2) Be receiving training for the purpose of obtaining an additional pilot
certificate and rating that are appropriate to that aircraft, and be under
the supervision of an authorized instructor; or
(3) Have received training required by this part that is appropriate to the
aircraft category, class, and type rating (if a class or type rating is
required) for the aircraft to be flown, and have received the required
endorsements from an instructor who is authorized to provide the required
endorsements for solo flight in that aircraft.
(e) Additional training required for operating complex airplanes. (1)
Except as provided in paragraph (e)(2) of this section, no person may act as
pilot in command of a complex airplane (an airplane that has a retractable
landing gear, flaps, and a controllable pitch propeller; or, in the case of a
seaplane, flaps and a controllable pitch propeller), unless the person has--
(i) Received and logged ground and flight training from an authorized
instructor in a complex airplane, or in a flight simulator or flight training
device that is representative of a complex airplane, and has been found
proficient in the operation and systems of the airplane; and
(ii) Received a one-time endorsement in the pilot's logbook from an
authorized instructor who certifies the person is proficient to operate a
complex airplane.
(2) The training and endorsement required by paragraph (e)(1) of this
section is not required if the person has logged flight time as pilot in
command of a complex airplane, or in a flight simulator or flight training
device that is representative of a complex airplane prior to August 4, 1997.
(f) Additional training required for operating high-performance airplanes.
(1) Except as provided in paragraph (f)(2) of this section, no person may act
as pilot in command of a high-performance airplane (an airplane with an
engine of more than 200 horsepower), unless the person has--
(i) Received and logged ground and flight training from an authorized
instructor in a high-performance airplane, or in a flight simulator or flight
training device that is representative of a high-performance airplane, and
has been found proficient in the operation and systems of the airplane; and
(ii) Received a one-time endorsement in the pilot's logbook from an
authorized instructor who certifies the person is proficient to operate a
high-performance airplane.
(2) The training and endorsement required by paragraph (f)(1) of this
section is not required if the person has logged flight time as pilot in
command of a high-performance airplane, or in a flight simulator or flight
training device that is representative of a high-performance airplane prior
to August 4, 1997.
(g) Additional training required for operating pressurized aircraft capable
of operating at high altitudes. (1) Except as provided in paragraph (g)(3) of
this section, no person may act as pilot in command of a pressurized aircraft
(an aircraft that has a service ceiling or maximum operating altitude,
whichever is lower, above 25,000 feet MSL), unless that person has received
and logged ground training from an authorized instructor and obtained an
endorsement in the person's logbook or training record from an authorized
instructor who certifies the person has satisfactorily accomplished the
ground training. The ground training must include at least the following
subjects:
(i) High-altitude aerodynamics and meteorology;
(ii) Respiration;
(iii) Effects, symptoms, and causes of hypoxia and any other high-altitude
sickness;
(iv) Duration of consciousness without supplemental oxygen;
(v) Effects of prolonged usage of supplemental oxygen;
(vi) Causes and effects of gas expansion and gas bubble formation;
(vii) Preventive measures for eliminating gas expansion, gas bubble
formation, and high-altitude sickness;
(viii) Physical phenomena and incidents of decompression; and
(ix) Any other physiological aspects of high-altitude flight.
(2) Except as provided in paragraph (g)(3) of this section, no person may
act as pilot in command of a pressurized aircraft unless that person has
received and logged training from an authorized instructor in a pressurized
aircraft, or in a flight simulator or flight training device that is
representative of a pressurized aircraft, and obtained an endorsement in the
person's logbook or training record from an authorized instructor who found
the person proficient in the operation of a pressurized aircraft. The flight
training must include at least the following subjects:
(i) Normal cruise flight operations while operating above 25,000 feet MSL;
(ii) Proper emergency procedures for simulated rapid decompression without
actually depressurizing the aircraft; and
(iii) Emergency descent procedures.
(3) The training and endorsement required by paragraphs (g)(1) and (g)(2)
of this section are not required if that person can document satisfactory
accomplishment of any of the following in a pressurized aircraft, or in a
flight simulator or flight training device that is representative of a
pressurized aircraft:
(i) Serving as pilot in command before April 15, 1991;
(ii) Completing a pilot proficiency check for a pilot certificate or rating
before April 15, 1991;
(iii) Completing an official pilot-in-command check conducted by the
military services of the United States; or
(iv) Completing a pilot-in-command proficiency check under part 121, 125,
or 135 of this chapter conducted by the Administrator or by an approved pilot
check airman.
(h) Additional aircraft type-specific training. No person may serve as
pilot in command of an aircraft that the Administrator has determined
requires aircraft type-specific training unless that person has--
(1) Received and logged type-specific training in the aircraft, or in a
flight simulator or flight training device that is representative of that
type of aircraft; and
(2) Received a logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor who has
found the person proficient in the operation of the aircraft and its systems.
(i) Additional training required for operating tailwheel airplanes. (1)
Except as provided in paragraph (i)(2) of this section, no person may act as
pilot in command of a tailwheel airplane unless that person has received and
logged flight training from an authorized instructor in a tailwheel airplane
and received an endorsement in the person's logbook from an authorized
instructor who found the person proficient in the operation of a tailwheel
airplane. The flight training must include at least the following maneuvers
and procedures:
(i) Normal and crosswind takeoffs and landings;
(ii) Wheel landings (unless the manufacturer has recommended against such
landings); and
(iii) Go-around procedures.
(2) The training and endorsement required by paragraph (i)(1) of this
section is not required if the person logged pilot-in-command time in a
tailwheel airplane before April 15, 1991.
(j) Additional training required for operating a glider. (1) No person may
act as pilot in command of a glider--
(i) Using ground-tow procedures, unless that person has satisfactorily
accomplished ground and flight training on ground-tow procedures and
operations, and has received an endorsement from an authorized instructor who
certifies in that pilot's logbook that the pilot has been found proficient in
ground-tow procedures and operations;
(ii) Using aerotow procedures, unless that person has satisfactorily
accomplished ground and flight training on aerotow procedures and operations,
and has received an endorsement from an authorized instructor who certifies
in that pilot's logbook that the pilot has been found proficient in aerotow
procedures and operations; or
(iii) Using self-launch procedures, unless that person has satisfactorily
accomplished ground and flight training on self-launch procedures and
operations, and has received an endorsement from an authorized instructor who
certifies in that pilot's logbook that the pilot has been found proficient in
self-launch procedures and operations.
(2) The holder of a glider rating issued prior to August 4, 1997, is
considered to be in compliance with the training and logbook endorsement
requirements of this paragraph for the specific operating privilege for which
the holder is already qualified.
(k) Exceptions. (1) This section does not require a category and class
rating for aircraft not type certificated as airplanes, rotorcraft, or
lighter-than-air aircraft, or a class rating for gliders or powered-lifts.
(2) The rating limitations of this section do not apply to--
(i) An applicant when taking a practical test given by an examiner;
(ii) The holder of a student pilot certificate; --(iii) The holder of a
pilot certificate when operating an aircraft under the authority of an
experimental or provisional aircraft type certificate;
(iv) The holder of a pilot certificate with a lighter-than-air category
rating when operating a balloon; or
(v) The holder of a recreational pilot certificate operating under the
provisions of Sec. 61.101(h).

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40896, July
30, 1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20286, Apr. 23, 1998]



Sec. 61.33  Tests: General procedure.

Tests prescribed by or under this part are given at times and places, and
by persons designated by the Administrator.




Sec. 61.35   Knowledge test: Prerequisites and passing grades.

(a) An applicant for a knowledge test must have:
(1) Received an endorsement, if required by this part, from an authorized
instructor certifying that the applicant accomplished the appropriate ground-
training or a home-study course required by this part for the certificate or
rating sought and is prepared for the knowledge test; and
(2) Proper identification at the time of application that contains the
applicant's--
(i) Photograph;
(ii) Signature;
(iii) Date of birth, which shows the applicant meets or will meet the age
requirements of this part for the certificate sought before the expiration
date of the airman knowledge test report; and
(iv) Actual residential address, if different from the applicant's mailing
address.
(b) The Administrator shall specify the minimum passing grade for the
knowledge test.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR
 20286, Apr. 23, 1998]


Sec. 61.37   Knowledge tests: Cheating or other unauthorized conduct.

(a) An applicant for a knowledge test may not:
(1) Copy or intentionally remove any knowledge test;
(2) Give to another applicant or receive from another applicant any part or
copy of a knowledge test;
(3) Give assistance on, or receive assistance on, a knowledge test during
the period that test is being given;
(4) Take any part of a knowledge test on behalf of another person;
(5) Be represented by, or represent, another person for a knowledge test;
(6) Use any material or aid during the period that the test is being given,
unless specifically authorized to do so by the Administrator; and
(7) Intentionally cause, assist, or participate in any act prohibited by
this paragraph.
(b) An applicant who the Administrator finds has committed an act
prohibited by paragraph (a) of this section is prohibited, for 1 year after
the date of committing that act, from:
(1) Applying for any certificate, rating, or authorization issued under
this chapter; and
(2) Applying for and taking any test under this chapter.
(c) Any certificate or rating held by an applicant may be suspended or
revoked if the Administrator finds that person has committed an act
prohibited by paragraph (a) of this section.




Sec. 61.39   Prerequisites for practical tests.

(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section, to be
eligible for a practical test for a certificate or rating issued under this
part, an applicant must:
(1) Pass the required knowledge test within the 24-calendar-month period
preceding the month the applicant completes the practical test, if a
knowledge test is required;
(2) Present the knowledge test report at the time of application for the
practical test, if a knowledge test is required;
(3) Have satisfactorily accomplished the required training and obtained the
aeronautical experience prescribed by this part for the certificate or rating
sought;
(4) Hold at least a current third-class medical certificate, if a medical
certificate is required;
(5) Meet the prescribed age requirement of this part for the issuance of
the certificate or rating sought;
(6) Have an endorsement, if required by this part, in the applicant's
logbook or training record that has been signed by an authorized instructor
who certifies that the applicant--
(i) Has received and logged training time within 60 days preceding the date
of application in preparation for the practical test;
(ii) Is prepared for the required practical test; and
(iii) Has demonstrated satisfactory knowledge of the subject areas in which
the applicant was deficient on the airman knowledge test; and
(7) Have a completed and signed application form.
(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (a)(1) and (2) of this
section, an applicant for an airline transport pilot certificate or an
additional rating to an airline transport certificate may take the practical
test for that certificate or rating with an expired knowledge test report,
provided that the applicant:
(1) Is employed as a flight crewmember by a certificate holder under part
121, 125, or 135 of this chapter at the time of the practical test and has
satisfactorily accomplished that operator's approved--
(i) Pilot in command aircraft qualification training program that is
appropriate to the certificate and rating sought; and
(ii) Qualification training requirements appropriate to the certificate and
rating sought; or
(2) Is employed as a flight crewmember in scheduled U.S. military air
transport operations at the time of the practical test, and has accomplished
the pilot in command aircraft qualification training program that is
appropriate to the certificate and rating sought.
(c) A person is not required to comply with the provisions of paragraph
(a)(6) of this section if that person:
(1) Holds a foreign-pilot license issued by a contracting State to the
Convention on International Civil Aviation that authorizes at least the pilot
privileges of the airman certificate sought;
(2) Is applying for a type rating only, or a class rating with an
associated type rating; or
(3) Is applying for an airline transport pilot certificate or an additional
rating to an airline transport pilot certificate in an aircraft that does not
require an aircraft type rating practical test.
(d) If all increments of the practical test for a certificate or rating are
not completed on one date, all remaining increments of the test must be
satisfactorily completed not more than 60 calendar days after the date on
which the applicant began the test.
(e) If all increments of the practical test for a certificate or a rating
are not satisfactorily completed within 60 calendar days after the date on
which the applicant began the test, the applicant must retake the entire
practical test, including those increments satisfactorily completed.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40897, July
30, 1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20286, Apr. 23, 1998]



Sec. 61.41   Flight training received from flight instructors not
certificated by the FAA.

(a) A person may credit flight training toward the requirements of a pilot
certificate or rating issued under this part, if that person received the
training from:
(1) A flight instructor of an Armed Force in a program for training
military pilots of either--
(i) The United States; or
(ii) A foreign contracting State to the Convention on International Civil
Aviation.
(2) A flight instructor who is authorized to give such training by the
licensing authority of a foreign contracting State to the Convention on
International Civil Aviation, and the flight training is given outside the
United States.
(b) A flight instructor described in paragraph (a) of this section is only
authorized to give endorsements to show training given.




Sec. 61.43   Practical tests: General procedures.

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this section, the ability of an
applicant for a certificate or rating issued under this part to perform the
required tasks on the practical test is based on that applicant's ability to
safely:
(1) Perform the tasks specified in the areas of operation for the
certificate or rating sought within the approved standards;
(2) Demonstrate mastery of the aircraft with the successful outcome of each
task performed never seriously in doubt;
(3) Demonstrate satisfactory proficiency and competency within the approved
standards;
(4) Demonstrate sound judgment; and
(5) Demonstrate single-pilot competence if the aircraft is type
certificated for single-pilot operations.
(b) If an applicant does not demonstrate single pilot proficiency, as
required in paragraph (a)(5) of this section, a limitation of "Second in
Command Required" will be placed on the applicant's airman certificate. The
limitation may be removed if the applicant passes the appropriate practical
test by demonstrating single-pilot competency in the aircraft in which
single-pilot privileges are sought.
(c) If an applicant fails any area of operation, that applicant fails the
practical test.
(d) An applicant is not eligible for a certificate or rating sought until
all the areas of operation are passed.
(e) The examiner or the applicant may discontinue a practical test at any
time:
(1) When the applicant fails one or more of the areas of operation; or
(2) Due to inclement weather conditions, aircraft airworthiness, or any
other safety-of-flight concern.
(f) If a practical test is discontinued, the applicant is entitled credit
for those areas of operation that were passed, but only if the applicant:
(1) Passes the remainder of the practical test within the 60-day period
after the date the practical test was discontinued;
(2) Presents to the examiner for the retest the original notice of
disapproval form or the letter of discontinuance form, as appropriate;
(3) Satisfactorily accomplishes any additional training needed and obtains
the appropriate instructor endorsements, if additional training is required;
and
(4) Presents to the examiner for the retest a properly completed and signed
application.





Sec. 61.45   Practical tests: Required aircraft and equipment.

(a) General. Except as provided in paragraph (a)(2) of this section or
when permitted to accomplish the entire flight increment of the practical
test in a flight simulator or a flight training device, an
applicant for a certificate or rating issued under this part must furnish:
(1) An aircraft of U.S. registry for each required test that--
(i) Is of the category, class, and type, if applicable, for which the
applicant is applying for a certificate or rating; and
(ii) Has a current standard, limited, or primary airworthiness certificate.
(2) At the discretion of the examiner who administers the practical test,
the applicant may furnish--
(i) An aircraft that has a current airworthiness certificate other than
standard, limited, or primary, but that otherwise meets the requirement of
paragraph (a)(1) of this section;
(ii) An aircraft of the same category, class, and type, if applicable, of
foreign registry that is properly certificated by the country of registry; or
(iii) A military aircraft of the same category, class, and type, if
applicable, for which the applicant is applying for a certificate or rating.
(b) Required equipment (other than controls). (1) Except as provided in
paragraph (b)(2) of this section, an aircraft used for a practical test must
have--
(i) The equipment for each area of operation required for the practical
test;
(ii) No prescribed operating limitations that prohibit its use in any of
the areas of operation required for the practical test;
(iii) Except as provided in paragraph (e) of this section, at least two
pilot stations with adequate visibility for each person to operate the
aircraft safely; and
(iv) Cockpit and outside visibility adequate to evaluate the performance of
the applicant when an additional jump seat is provided for the examiner.
(2) An applicant for a certificate or rating may use an aircraft with
operating characteristics that preclude the applicant from performing all of
the tasks required for the practical test. However, the applicant's
certificate or rating, as appropriate, will be issued with an appropriate
limitation.
(c) Required controls. An aircraft (other than a lighter-than-air aircraft)
used for a practical test must have engine power controls and flight controls
that are easily reached and operable in a conventional manner by both pilots,
unless the examiner determines that the practical test can be conducted
safely in the aircraft without the controls being easily reached.
(d) Simulated instrument flight equipment. An applicant for a practical
test that involves maneuvering an aircraft solely by reference to instruments
must furnish:
(1) Equipment on board the aircraft that permits the applicant to pass the
areas of operation that apply to the rating sought; and
(2) A device that prevents the applicant from having visual reference
outside the aircraft, but does not prevent the examiner from having visual
reference outside the aircraft, and is otherwise acceptable to the
Administrator.
(e) Aircraft with single controls. A practical test may be conducted in an
aircraft having a single set of controls, provided the:
(1) Examiner agrees to conduct the test;
(2) Test does not involve a demonstration of instrument skills; and
(3) Proficiency of the applicant can be observed by an examiner who is in a
position to observe the applicant.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40897, July
30, 1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20286, Apr. 23, 1998]




Sec. 61.47   Status of an examiner who is authorized by the Administrator to
conduct practical tests.

(a) An examiner represents the Administrator for the purpose of conducting
practical tests for certificates and ratings issued under this part and to
observe an applicant's ability to perform the areas of operation on the
practical test.
(b) The examiner is not the pilot in command of the aircraft during the
practical test unless the examiner agrees to act in that capacity for the
flight or for a portion of the flight by prior arrangement with:
(1) The applicant; or
(2) A person who would otherwise act as pilot in command of the flight or
for a portion of the flight.
(c) Notwithstanding the type of aircraft used during the practical test,
the applicant and the examiner (and any other occupants authorized to be on
board by the examiner) are not subject to the requirements or limitations for
the carriage of passengers that are specified in this chapter.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40897, July
30, 1997]



Sec. 61.49   Retesting after failure.

(a) An applicant for a knowledge or practical test who fails that test may
reapply for the test only after the applicant has received:
(1) The necessary training from an authorized instructor who has determined
that the applicant is proficient to pass the test; and
(2) An endorsement from an authorized instructor who gave the applicant the
additional training.
(b) An applicant for a flight instructor certificate with an airplane
category rating or, for a flight instructor certificate with a glider
category rating, who has failed the practical test due to deficiencies in
instructional proficiency on stall awareness, spin entry, spins, or spin
recovery must:
(1) Comply with the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section before
being retested;
(2) Bring an aircraft to the retest that is of the appropriate aircraft
category for the rating sought and is certificated for spins; and
(3) Demonstrate satisfactory instructional proficiency on stall awareness,
spin entry, spins, and spin recovery to an examiner during the retest.




Sec. 61.51   Pilot logbooks.

(a) Training time and aeronautical experience. Each person must document
and record the following time in a manner acceptable to the Administrator:
(1) Training and aeronautical experience used to meet the requirements for
a certificate, rating, or flight review of this part.
(2) The aeronautical experience required for meeting the recent flight
experience requirements of this part.
(b) Logbook entries. For the purposes of meeting the requirements of
paragraph (a) of this section, each person must enter the following
information for each flight or lesson logged:
(1) General--
(i) Date.
(ii) Total flight time or lesson time.
(iii) Location where the aircraft departed and arrived, or for lessons in
a flight simulator or flight training device, the location where the lesson
occurred.
(iv) Type and identification of aircraft, flight simulator, or flight
training device, as appropriate.
(v) The name of a safety pilot, if required by Sec. 91.109(b) of this
chapter.
(2) Type of pilot experience or training--
(i) Solo.
(ii) Pilot in command.
(iii) Second in command.
(iv) Flight and ground training received from an authorized instructor.
(v) Training received in a flight simulator or flight training device from
an authorized instructor.
(3) Conditions of flight--
(i) Day or night.
(ii) Actual instrument.
(iii) Simulated instrument conditions in flight, a flight simulator, or a
flight training device.
(c) Logging of pilot time. The pilot time described in this section may be
used to:
(1) Apply for a certificate or rating issued under this part; or
(2) Satisfy the recent flight experience requirements of this part.
(d) Logging of solo flight time. Except for a student pilot performing the
duties of pilot in command of an airship requiring more than one pilot flight
crewmember, a pilot may log as solo flight time only that flight time when
the pilot is the sole occupant of the aircraft.
(e) Logging pilot-in-command flight time. (1) A recreational, private, or
commercial pilot may log pilot-in-command time only for that flight time
during which that person--
(i) Is the sole manipulator of the controls of an aircraft for which the
pilot is rated;
(ii) Is the sole occupant of the aircraft; or
(iii) Except for a recreational pilot, is acting as pilot in command of an
aircraft on which more than one pilot is required under the type
certification of the aircraft or the regulations under which the flight is
conducted.
(2) An airline transport pilot may log as pilot-in-command time all of the
flight time while acting as pilot-in-command of an operation requiring an
airline transport pilot certificate.
(3) An authorized instructor may log as pilot-in-command time all flight
time while acting as an authorized instructor.
(4) A student pilot may log pilot-in-command time only when the student
pilot--
(i) Is the sole occupant of the aircraft or is performing the duties of
pilot of command of an airship requiring more than one pilot flight
crewmember;
(ii) Has a current solo flight endorsement as required under Sec. 61.87 of
this part; and
(iii) Is undergoing training for a pilot certificate or rating
(f) Logging second-in-command time. A person may log second-in-
command flight time only for that flight time during which that person:
(1) Is qualified in accordance with the second-in-command requirements of
Sec. 61.55 of this part, and occupies a crewmember station in an aircraft
that requires more than one pilot by the aircraft's type certificate; or
(2) Holds the appropriate category, class, and instrument rating (if an
instrument rating is required for the flight) for the aircraft being flown,
and more than one pilot is required under the type certification of the
aircraft or the regulations under which the flight is being conducted.
(g) Logging instrument flight time. (1) A person may log instrument
time only for that flight time when the person operates the aircraft solely
by reference to instruments under actual or simulated instrument flight
conditions.
(2) An authorized instructor may log instrument time when conducting
instrument flight instruction in actual instrument flight conditions.
(3) For the purposes of logging instrument time to meet the recent
instrument experience requirements of Sec. 61.57(c) of this part, the
following information must be recorded in the person's logbook--
(i) The location and type of each instrument approach accomplished; and
(ii) The name of the safety pilot, if required.
(4) A flight simulator or flight training device may be used by a person
to log instrument flight time, provided an authorized instructor is present
during the simulated flight.
 (h) Logging training time. (1) A person may log training time when that
person receives training from an authorized instructor in an aircraft,
flight simulator, or flight training device.
(2) The training time must be logged in a logbook and must:
(i) Be endorsed in a legible manner by the authorized instructor; and
(ii) Include a description of the training given, the length of the
training lesson, and the instructor's authorized signature, certificate
number, and certificate expiration date.
(i) Presentation of required documents. (1) Persons must present their
pilot certificate, medical certificate, logbook, or any other record required
by this part for inspection upon a reasonable request by--
(i) The Administrator;
(ii) An authorized representative from the National Transportation Safety
Board; or
(iii) Any Federal, State, or local law enforcement officer.
(2) A student pilot must carry the following items in the aircraft on all
solo cross-country flights as evidence of the required authorized instructor
clearances and endorsements--
(i) Pilot logbook;
(ii) Student pilot certificate; and
(iii) Any other record required by this section.
(3) A recreational pilot must carry his or her logbook with the required
authorized instructor endorsements on all solo flights--
(i) That exceed 50 nautical miles from the airport at which training was
received;
(ii) Within airspace that requires communication with air traffic control;
(iii) Conducted between sunset and sunrise; or
(iv) In an aircraft for which the pilot does not hold an appropriate
category or class rating.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR
40897, July 30, 1997; Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20286, Apr. 23, 1998]



Sec. 61.53   Prohibition on operations during medical deficiency.

(a) Operations that require a medical certificate. Except as provided for
in paragraph (b) of this section, a person who holds a current medical
certificate issued under part 67 of this chapter shall not act as pilot in
command, or in any other capacity as a required pilot flight crewmember,
while that person:
(1) Knows or has reason to know of any medical condition that would make
the person unable to meet the requirements for the medical certificate
necessary for the pilot operation; or
(2) Is taking medication or receiving other treatment for a medical
condition that results in the person being unable to meet the requirements
for the medical certificate necessary for the pilot operation.
(b) Operations that do not require a medical certificate. For operations
provided for in Sec. 61.23(b) of this part, a person shall not act as pilot
in command, or in any other capacity as a required pilot flight crewmember,
while that person knows or has reason to know of any medical condition that
would make the person unable to operate the aircraft in a safe manner.



Sec. 61.55   Second-in-command qualifications.

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (d) of this section, no person may
serve as a second in command of an aircraft type certificated for more than
one required pilot flight crewmember or in operations requiring a second in
command unless that person holds:
(1) At least a current private pilot certificate with the appropriate
category and class rating; and
(2) An instrument rating that applies to the aircraft being flown if the
flight is under IFR.
(b) Except as provided in paragraph (d) of this section, no person may
serve as a second in command of an aircraft type certificated for more than
one required pilot flight crewmember or in operations requiring a second in
command unless that person has within the previous 12 calendar months:
(1) Become familiar with the following information for the specific type
aircraft for which second-in-command privileges are requested--
(i) Operational procedures applicable to the powerplant, equipment, and
systems.
(ii) Performance specifications and limitations.
(iii) Normal, abnormal, and emergency operating procedures.
(iv) Flight manual.
(v) Placards and markings.
(2) Except as provided in paragraph (e) of this section, performed and
logged pilot time in the type of aircraft or in a flight simulator that
represents the type of aircraft for which second-in-command privileges are
requested, which includes--
(i) Three takeoffs and three landings to full stop as the sole manipulator
of the flight controls;
(ii) Engine-out procedures and maneuvering with an engine out while
executing the duties of pilot in command; and
(iii) Crew resource management training.
(c) If a person complies with the requirements in paragraph (b) of this
section in the calendar month before or the calendar month after the month in
which compliance with this section is required, then that person is
considered to have accomplished the training and practice in the month it is
due.
(d) This section does not apply to a person who is:
(1) Designated and qualified as a pilot in command under part 121, 125, or
135 of this chapter in that specific type of aircraft;
(2) Designated as the second in command under part 121, 125, or 135 of this
chapter, in that specific type of aircraft;
(3) Designated as the second in command in that specific type of aircraft
for the purpose of receiving flight training required by this section, and no
passengers or cargo are carried on the aircraft; or
(4) Designated as a safety pilot for purposes required by Sec. 91.109(b) of
this chapter.
(e) The holder of a commercial or airline transport pilot certificate with
the appropriate category and class rating is not required to meet the
requirements of paragraph (b)(2) of this section, provided the pilot:
(1) Is conducting a ferry flight, aircraft flight test, or evaluation
flight of an aircraft's equipment; and
(2) Is not carrying any person or property on board the aircraft, other
than necessary for conduct of the flight.
(f) For the purpose of meeting the requirements of paragraph (b) of this
section, a person may serve as second in command in that specific type
aircraft, provided:
(1) The flight is conducted under day VFR or day IFR; and
(2) No person or property is carried on board the aircraft, other than
necessary for conduct of the flight.
(g) Except as provided in paragraph (h) of this section, the requirements
of paragraph (b) of this section may be accomplished in a flight
simulator that is used in accordance with an approved course conducted by a
training center certificated under part 142 of this chapter.
(h) An applicant for an initial second-in-command qualification for a
particular type of aircraft who is qualifying under the terms of paragraph
(g) of this section must satisfactorily complete a minimum of one takeoff and
one landing in an aircraft of the same type for which the qualification is
sought.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40898, July 30,
1997 and amended at Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40898, July 30, 1997]



Sec. 61.56   Flight review.

(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) and (f) of this section, a flight
review consists of a minimum of 1 hour of flight training and 1 hour of
ground training. The review must include:
(1) A review of the current general operating and flight rules of part 91
of this chapter; and
(2) A review of those maneuvers and procedures that, at the discretion of
the person giving the review, are necessary for the pilot to demonstrate the
safe exercise of the privileges of the pilot certificate.
(b) Glider pilots may substitute a minimum of three instructional flights
in a glider, each of which includes a flight to traffic pattern altitude, in
lieu of the 1 hour of flight training required in paragraph (a) of this
section.
(c) Except as provided in paragraphs (d), (e), and (g) of this section, no
person may act as pilot in command of an aircraft unless, since the beginning
of the 24th calendar month before the month in which that pilot acts as pilot
in command, that person has--
(1) Accomplished a flight review given in an aircraft for which that pilot
is rated by an authorized instructor; and
(2) A logbook endorsed from an authorized instructor who gave the review
certifying that the person has satisfactorily completed the review.
(d) A person who has, within the period specified in paragraph (c) of this
section, passed a pilot proficiency check conducted by an examiner, an
approved pilot check airman, or a U.S. Armed Force, for a pilot certificate,
rating, or operating privilege need not accomplish the flight review required
by this section.
(e) A person who has, within the period specified in paragraph (c) of this
section, satisfactorily accomplished one or more phases of an FAA-sponsored
pilot proficiency award program need not accomplish the flight review
required by this section.
(f) A person who holds a current flight instructor certificate who has,
within the period specified in paragraph (c) of this section, satisfactorily
completed a renewal of a flight instructor certificate under the provisions
in Sec. 61.197 need not accomplish the 1 hour of ground training specified in
paragraph (a) of this section.
(g) A student pilot need not accomplish the flight review required by this
section provided the student pilot is undergoing training for a certificate
and has a current solo flight endorsement as required under Sec. 61.87 of
this part.
(h) The requirements of this section may be accomplished in combination
with the requirements of Sec. 61.57 and other applicable recent experience
requirements at the discretion of the authorized instructor conducting the
flight review.
(i) A flight simulator or flight training device may be used to meet the
flight review requirements of this section subject to the following
conditions:
(1) The flight simulator or flight training device must be used in
accordance with an approved course conducted by a training center
certificated under part 142 of this chapter.
(2) Unless the flight review is undertaken in a flight simulator that is
approved for landings, the applicant must meet the takeoff and landing
requirements of Sec. 61.57(a) or Sec. 61.57(b) of this part.
(3) The flight simulator or flight training device used must represent an
aircraft or set of aircraft for which the pilot is rated.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40898, July 30,
1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20287, Apr. 23, 1998]




Sec. 61.57 Recent flight experience:   Pilot in command.

(a) General experience. (1) Except as provided in paragraph (e) of this
section, no person may act as a pilot in command of an aircraft carrying
passengers or of an aircraft certificated for more than one pilot flight
crewmember unless that person has made at least three takeoffs and three
landings within the preceding 90 days, and--
(i) The person acted as the sole manipulator of the flight controls; and
(ii) The required takeoffs and landings were performed in an aircraft of
the same category, class, and type (if a type rating is required), and, if
the aircraft to be flown is an airplane with a tailwheel, the takeoffs and
landings must have been made to a full stop in an airplane with a tailwheel.
(2) For the purpose of meeting the requirements of paragraph (a)(1) of this
section, a person may act as a pilot in command of an aircraft under day VFR
or day IFR, provided no persons or property are carried on board the
aircraft, other than those necessary for the conduct of the flight.
(3) The takeoffs and landings required by paragraph (a)(1) of this section
may be accomplished in a flight simulator or flight training device that is--
(i) Approved by the Administrator for landings; and
(ii) Used in accordance with an approved course conducted by a training
center certificated under part 142 of this chapter.
(b) Night takeoff and landing experience. (1) Except as provided in
paragraph (e) of this section, no person may act as pilot in command of an
aircraft carrying passengers during the period beginning 1 hour after sunset
and ending 1 hour before sunrise, unless within the preceding 90 days that
person has made at least three takeoffs and three landings to a full stop
during the period beginning 1 hour after sunset and ending 1 hour before
sunrise, and-
(i) That person acted as sole manipulator of the flight controls; and
(ii) The required takeoffs and landings were performed in an aircraft of
the same category, class, and type (if a type rating is required).
(2) The takeoffs and landings required by paragraph (b)(1) of this section
may be accomplished in a flight simulator that is--
(i) Approved by the Administrator for takeoffs and landings, if the visual
system is adjusted to represent the period described in paragraph (b)(1) of
this section; and
(ii) Used in accordance with an approved course conducted by a training
center certificated under part 142 of this chapter.
(c) Instrument experience. Except as provided in paragraph (e) of this
section, no person may act as pilot in command under IFR or in weather
conditions less than the minimums prescribed for VFR, unless within the
preceding 6 calendar months, that person has:
(1) For the purpose of obtaining instrument experience in an aircraft
(other than a glider), performed and logged under actual or simulated
instrument conditions, either in flight in the appropriate category of
aircraft for the instrument privileges sought or in a flight simulator or
flight training device that is representative of the aircraft category for
the instrument privileges sought--
(i) At least six instrument approaches;
(ii) Holding procedures; and
(iii) Intercepting and tracking courses through the use of navigation
systems.
(2) For the purpose of obtaining instrument experience in a glider,
performed and logged under actual or simulated instrument conditions--
(i) At least 3 hours of instrument time in flight, of which 1   hours
may be acquired in an airplane or a glider if no passengers are to be
carried; or
(ii) 3 hours of instrument time in flight in a glider if a passenger is to
be carried.
(d) Instrument proficiency check. Except as provided in paragraph (e) of
this section, a person who does not meet the instrument experience
requirements of paragraph (c) of this section within the prescribed time, or
within 6 calendar months after the prescribed time, may not serve as pilot in
command under IFR or in weather conditions less than the minimums prescribed
for VFR until that person passes an instrument proficiency check consisting
of a representative number of tasks required by the instrument rating
practical test.
(1) The instrument proficiency check must be--
(i) In an aircraft that is appropriate to the aircraft category;
(ii) For other than a glider, in a flight simulator or flight training
device that is representative of the aircraft category; or
(iii) For a glider, in a single-engine airplane or a glider.
(2) The instrument proficiency check must be given by--
(i) An examiner;
(ii) A person authorized by the U.S. Armed Forces to conduct instrument
flight tests, provided the person being tested is a member of the U.S. Armed
Forces;
(iii) A company check pilot who is authorized to conduct instrument flight
tests under part 121, 125, or 135 of this chapter, and provided that both the
check pilot and the pilot being tested are employees of that operator;
(iv) An authorized flight instructor; or
(v) A person approved by the Administrator to conduct instrument practical
tests.
(e) Exceptions. (1) Paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section do not apply to
a pilot in command who is employed by a certificate holder under part 125 and
engaged in a flight operation for that certificate holder if the pilot is in
compliance with Secs. 125.281 and 125.285 of this chapter.
(2) This section does not apply to a pilot in command who is employed by an
air carrier certificated under part 121 or 135 and is engaged in a flight
operation under part 91, 121, or 135 for that air carrier if the pilot is in
compliance with Secs. 121.437 and 121.439, or Secs. 135.243 and 135.247 of
this chapter, as appropriate.
(3) Paragraph (b) of this section does not apply to a pilot in command who
operates more than one type of an airplane that is type certificated for more
than one pilot flight crewmember, provided the pilot--
  (i) Holds at least a valid commercial pilot certificate with the
appropriate type rating for each airplane that the pilot seeks to operate
under this alternative;
  (ii) Has logged at least 1500 hours total time as a pilot;
  (iii) Has accomplished at least 15 hours of flight time in the type of
airplane that the pilot seeks to operate under this alternative within the
preceding 90 days prior to the operation of that airplane; and
  (iv) Has accomplished--
  (A) At least three takeoffs and three landings to a full stop, during the
period beginning 1 hour after sunset and ending 1 hour before sunrise as the
sole manipulator of the flight controls in at least one of the types of
airplanes that the pilot seeks to operate under this alternative, within the
preceding 90 days prior to the operation of any of the types of airplanes
that the pilot seeks to operate under this alternative; or
  (B) Completion of an approved training program under part 142 of this
chapter within the preceding 12 calendar months prior to the month of the
flight, which requires the performance of at least 6 takeoffs and 6 landings
to a full stop as the sole manipulator of the controls in a flight simulator
that is representative of at least one of the types of airplanes that the
pilot seeks to operate under this alternative, and the flight simulator's
visual system was adjusted to represent the period beginning 1 hour after
sunset and ending 1 hour before sunrise.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40898, July 30,
1997; Amdt. 61-106, 64 FR 23526, April 30, 1999]

  *****************************************************************************
                             Federal Register Note

  64 FR 23526, No. 83, Apr. 30, 1999

  SUMMARY: This final rule establishes an alternative means of compliance for
  the pilot-in-command (PIC) night takeoff and landing recent flight experience
  requirements. A pilot who operates more than one type of airplane,
  certificated for more than one pilot flight crewmember, can meet the PIC
  night takeoff and landing recent flight experience requirements in one of the
  types of airplanes he/she operates. The pilot would then be considered
  qualified to perform night flights in the other types of airplanes he/she
  operates as PIC. In addition, this new alternative means of compliance
  establishes certain qualifications, aeronautical experience, and additional
  training. This action is needed to accommodate pilots employed by corporate
  operators and airplane manufacturers who operate diverse fleets of airplanes
  that are type certificated for more than one pilot flight crewmember. These
  operators and manufacturers require their pilots to meet a high level of
  aeronautical experience and training for qualification as a PIC. This final
  rule is intended to provide an additional means of compliance with the recent
  night flight experience requirements while maintaining an equivalent level of
  safety.

  EFFECTIVE DATE: This final rule is effective on April 30, 1999.

  *****************************************************************************



Sec. 61.58   Pilot-in-command proficiency check: Operation of aircraft
requiring more than one pilot flight crewmember.

(a) Except as otherwise provided in this section, to serve as pilot in
command of an aircraft that is type certificated for more than one required
pilot flight crewmember, a person must--
(1) Within the preceding 12 calendar months, complete a pilot-in-command
proficiency check in an aircraft that is type certificated for more than one
required pilot flight crewmember; and
(2) Within the preceding 24 calendar months, complete a pilot-in-command
proficiency check in the particular type of aircraft in which that person
will serve as pilot in command.
(b) This section does not apply to persons conducting operations under part
121, 125, 133, 135, or 137 of this chapter, or persons maintaining continuing
qualification under an Advanced Qualification Program approved under SFAR 58.
(c) The pilot-in-command proficiency check given in accordance with the
provisions of part 121, 125, or 135 of this chapter may be used to satisfy
the requirements of this section.
(d) The pilot-in-command proficiency check required by paragraph (a) of
this section may be accomplished by satisfactory completion of one of the
following:
(1) A pilot-in-command proficiency check conducted by a person authorized
by the Administrator, consisting of the maneuvers and procedures required for
a type rating, in an aircraft type certificated for more than one required
pilot flight crewmember;
(2) The practical test required for a type rating, in an aircraft type
certificated for more than one required pilot flight crewmember;
(3) The initial or periodic practical test required for the issuance of a
pilot examiner or check airman designation, in an aircraft type certificated
for more than one required pilot flight crewmember; or
(4) A military flight check required for a pilot in command with instrument
privileges, in an aircraft that the military requires to be operated by more
than one pilot flight crewmember.
(e) A check or test described in paragraphs (d)(1) through (d)(4) of this
section may be accomplished in a flight simulator under part 142 of this
chapter, subject to the following:
(1) Except as provided for in paragraphs (e)(2) and (e)(3) of this section,
if an otherwise qualified and approved flight simulator used for a pilot-in-
command proficiency check is not qualified and approved for a specific
required maneuver--
(i) The training center must annotate, in the applicant's training record,
the maneuver or maneuvers omitted; and
(ii) Prior to acting as pilot in command, the pilot must demonstrate
proficiency in each omitted maneuver in an aircraft or flight simulator
qualified and approved for each omitted maneuver.
(2) If the flight simulator used pursuant to paragraph (e) of this section
is not qualified and approved for circling approaches--
(i) The applicant's record must include the statement, "Proficiency in
circling approaches not demonstrated"; and
(ii) The applicant may not perform circling approaches as pilot in command
when weather conditions are less than the basic VFR conditions described in
Sec. 91.155 of this chapter, until proficiency in circling approaches has
been successfully demonstrated in a flight simulator qualified and approved
for circling approaches or in an aircraft to a person authorized by the
Administrator to conduct the check required by this section.
(3) If the flight simulator used pursuant to paragraph (e) of this section
is not qualified and approved for landings, the applicant must--
(i) Hold a type rating in the airplane represented by the simulator; and
(ii) Have completed within the preceding 90 days at least three takeoffs
and three landings (one to a full stop) as the sole manipulator of the flight
controls in the type airplane for which the pilot-in-command proficiency
check is sought.
(f) For the purpose of meeting the pilot-in-command proficiency check
requirements of paragraph (a) of this section, a person may act as pilot in
command of a flight under day VFR conditions or day IFR conditions if no
person or property is carried, other than as necessary to demonstrate
compliance with this part.
(g) If a pilot takes the pilot-in-command proficiency check required by
this section in the calendar month before or the calendar month after the
month in which it is due, the pilot is considered to have taken it in the
month in which it was due for the purpose of computing when the next pilot-
in-command proficiency check is due.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40899, July
30, 1997]





Sec. 61.59   Falsification, reproduction, or alteration of applications,
certificates, logbooks, reports, or records.

(a) No person may make or cause to be made:
(1) Any fraudulent or intentionally false statement on any application for
a certificate, rating, authorization, or duplicate thereof, issued under this
part;
(2) Any fraudulent or intentionally false entry in any logbook, record, or
report that is required to be kept, made, or used to show compliance with any
requirement for the issuance or exercise of the privileges of any
certificate, rating, or authorization under this part;
(3) Any reproduction for fraudulent purpose of any certificate, rating, or
authorization, under this part; or
(4) Any alteration of any certificate, rating, or authorization under this
part.
(b) The commission of an act prohibited under paragraph (a) of this section
is a basis for suspending or revoking any airman certificate, rating, or
authorization held by that person.




Sec. 61.60   Change of address.

The holder of a pilot, flight instructor, or ground instructor certificate
who has made a change in permanent mailing address may not, after 30 days
from that date, exercise the privileges of the certificate unless the holder
has notified in writing the FAA, Airman Certification Branch, P.O. Box 25082,
Oklahoma City, OK 73125, of the new permanent mailing address, or if the
permanent mailing address includes a post office box number, then the
holder's current residential address.




         Subpart B--Aircraft Ratings and Pilot Authorizations






Sec. 61.61   Applicability.

This subpart prescribes the requirements for the issuance of additional
aircraft ratings after a pilot certificate is issued, and the requirements
for and limitations of pilot authorizations issued by the Administrator.




Sec. 61.63   Additional aircraft ratings (other than airline transport
pilot certificate).

(a) General. To be eligible for an additional aircraft rating to a pilot
certificate, for other than an airline transport pilot certificate, an
applicant must meet the appropriate requirements of this section for the
additional aircraft rating sought.
(b) Additional category rating. An applicant who holds a pilot certificate
and applies to add a category rating to that pilot certificate:
(1) Must have received the required training and possess the aeronautical
experience prescribed by this part that applies to the pilot certificate for
the aircraft category and, if applicable, class rating sought;
(2) Must have an endorsement in his or her logbook or training record from
an authorized instructor, and that endorsement must attest that the applicant
has been found competent in the aeronautical knowledge areas appropriate to
the pilot certificate for the aircraft category and, if applicable, class
rating sought;
(3) Must have an endorsement in his or her logbook or training record from
an authorized instructor, and that endorsement must attest that the applicant
has been found proficient on the areas of operation that are appropriate to
the pilot certificate for the aircraft category and, if applicable, class
rating sought;
(4) Must pass the required practical test that is appropriate to the pilot
certificate for the aircraft category and, if applicable, class rating
sought; and
(5) Need not take an additional knowledge test, provided the applicant
holds an airplane, rotorcraft, powered-lift, or airship rating at that pilot
certificate level.
(c) Additional class rating. Any person who applies for an additional class
rating to be added on a pilot certificate:
(1) Must have an endorsement in his or her logbook or training record from
an authorized instructor and that endorsement must attest that the applicant
has been found competent in the aeronautical knowledge areas appropriate to
the pilot certificate for the aircraft class rating sought;
(2) Must have an endorsement in his or her logbook or training record from
an authorized instructor, and that endorsement must attest that the applicant
has been found proficient in the areas of operation appropriate to the pilot
certificate for the aircraft class rating sought;
(3) Must pass the required practical test that is appropriate to the pilot
certificate for the aircraft class rating sought;
(4) Need not meet the specified training time requirements prescribed by
this part that apply to the pilot certificate for the aircraft class rating
sought unless the person holds a lighter-than-air category rating with a
balloon class rating and is seeking an airship class rating and
(5) Need not take an additional knowledge test, provided the applicant
holds an airplane, rotorcraft, powered-lift, or airship rating at that pilot
certificate level.
(d) Additional type rating. Except as specified in paragraph (d)(7) of this
section, a person who applies for an additional aircraft type rating to be
added on a pilot certificate, or the addition of an aircraft type rating that
is accomplished concurrently with an additional aircraft category or class
rating:
(1) Must hold or concurrently obtain an instrument rating that is
appropriate to the aircraft category, class, or type rating sought;
(2) Must have an endorsement in his or her logbook or training record from
an authorized instructor, and that endorsement must attest that the applicant
has been found competent in the aeronautical knowledge areas appropriate to
the pilot certificate for the aircraft category, class, or type rating
sought;
(3) Must have an endorsement in his or her logbook, or training record from
an authorized instructor, and that endorsement must attest that the applicant
has been found proficient in the areas of operation required for the issuance
of an airline transport pilot certificate for the aircraft category, class,
and type rating sought;
(4) Must pass the required practical test appropriate to the airline
transport pilot certificate for the aircraft category, class, and type rating
sought;
(5) Must perform the practical test in actual or simulated instrument
conditions, unless the aircraft's type certificate makes the aircraft
incapable of operating under instrument flight rules. If the practical test
cannot be accomplished for this reason, the person may obtain a type rating
limited to "VFR only." The "VFR only" limitation may be removed for that
aircraft type when the person passes the practical test in actual or
simulated instrument conditions. When an instrument rating is issued to a
person who holds one or more type ratings, the type ratings on the amended
pilot certificate shall bear the "VFR only" limitation for each aircraft type
rating for which the person has not demonstrated instrument competency;
(6) Need not take an additional knowledge test, provided the applicant
holds an airplane, rotorcraft, powered-lift, or airship rating on their pilot
certificate; and
(7) In the case of a pilot employee of a part 121 or a part 135 certificate
holder, must have--
(i) Met the appropriate requirements of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(4), and
(d)(5) of this section for the aircraft type rating sought; and
(ii) Received an endorsement in his or her flight training record from the
certificate holder attesting that the applicant has completed the certificate
holder's approved ground and flight training program appropriate to the
aircraft type rating sought.
(e) Use of a flight simulator or, flight training device for an additional
rating in an airplane. The areas of operation required to be performed by
paragraphs (b), (c), and (d) of this section shall be performed as follows:
(1) Except as provided in paragraph (e)(2) of this section, the areas of
operation must be performed in an airplane of the same category, class, and
type, if applicable, as the airplane for which the additional rating is
sought.
(2) Subject to the limitations of paragraph (e)(3) through (e)(12) of this
section, the areas of operation may be performed in a flight simulator or
flight training device that represents the airplane for which the additional
rating is sought.
(3) The use of a flight simulator or flight training device permitted by
paragraph (e)(2) of this section shall be conducted in accordance with an
approved course at a training center certificated under part 142 of this
chapter.
(4) To complete all training and testing (except preflight inspection) for
an additional airplane rating without limitations when using a flight
simulator--
(i) The flight simulator must be qualified and approved as Level C or
Level D; and
(ii) The applicant must meet at least one of the following:
(A) Hold a type rating for a turbojet airplane of the same class of
airplane for which the type rating is sought, or have been appointed by a
military service as a pilot in command of an airplane of the same class of
airplane for which the type rating is sought, if a type rating in a turbojet
airplane is sought.
(B) Hold a type rating for a turbopropeller airplane of the same class of
airplane for which the type rating is sought, or have been designated by a
military service as a pilot in command of an airplane of the same class of
airplane for which the type rating is sought, if a type rating in a
turbopropeller airplane is sought.
(C) Have at least 2,000 hours of flight time, of which 500 hours is in
turbine-powered airplanes of the same class of airplane for which the type
rating is sought.
(D) Have at least 500 hours of flight time in the same type airplane as the
airplane for which the rating is sought.
(E) Have at least 1,000 hours of flight time in at least two different
airplanes requiring a type rating.
(5) Subject to the limitation of paragraph (e)(6) of this section, an
applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph (e)(4) of this
section may complete all training and testing (except for preflight
inspection) for an additional rating when using a flight simulator if--
(i) The flight simulator is qualified and approved as a Level C or Level
D; and
(ii) The applicant meets at least one of the following:
(A) Holds a type rating in a propeller-driven airplane if a type rating in
a turbojet airplane is sought, or holds a type rating in a turbojet airplane
if a type rating in a propeller-driven airplane is sought; or
(B) Since the beginning of the 12th calendar month before the month in
which the applicant completes the practical test for an additional airplane
rating, has logged:
(1) At least 100 hours of flight time in airplanes of the same class for
which the type rating is sought and which requires a type rating; and
(2) At least 25 hours of flight time in airplanes of the same type for
which the rating is sought.
(6) An applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (e)(5) of this
section will be issued an additional rating with a limitation.
(7) The limitation on a certificate issued under the provisions of
paragraph (e)(6) of this section shall state, "This certificate is subject to
pilot-in-command limitations for the additional rating."
(8) An applicant who has been issued a pilot certificate with the
limitation specified in paragraph (e)(7) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of that airplane for which the
additional rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the
limitation is removed from the pilot certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 15 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in the same type of airplane to which the limitation
applies.
(9) An applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph (e)(4) or
paragraph (e)(5) of this section may be issued an additional rating after
successful completion of one of the following requirements:
(i) Compliance with paragraphs (e)(2) and (e)(3) of this section and the
following tasks, which must be successfully completed on a static airplane or
in flight, as appropriate:
(A) Preflight inspection;
(B) Normal takeoff;
(C) Normal ILS approach;
(D) Missed approach; and
(E) Normal landing.
(ii) Compliance with paragraphs (e)(2), (e)(3), and (e)(10) through (e)(12)
of this section.
(10) An applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (e)(9)(ii) of
this section will be issued an additional rating with a limitation.
(11) The limitation on a certificate issued under the provisions of
paragraph (e)(10) of this section shall state, "This certificate is subject
to pilot-in-command limitations for the additional rating."
(12) An applicant who has been issued a pilot certificate with the
limitation specified in paragraph (e)(11) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of that airplane for which the
additional rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the
limitation is removed from the pilot certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 25 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in that airplane of the same type to which the
limitation applies.
(f) Use of a flight simulator or flight training device for an additional
rating in a helicopter. The areas of operation required to be performed by
paragraphs (b), (c), and (d) of this section shall be performed as follows:
(1) Except as provided in paragraph (f)(2) of this section, the areas of
operation must be performed in a helicopter of the same type for the
additional rating sought.
(2) Subject to the limitations of paragraph (f)(3) through (f)(12) of this
section, the areas of operation may be performed in a flight simulator or
flight training device that represents that helicopter for the additional
rating sought.
(3) The use of a flight simulator or flight training device permitted by
paragraph (f)(2) of this section shall be conducted in accordance with an
approved course at a training center certificated under part 142 of this
chapter.
(4) To complete all training and testing (except preflight inspection) for
an additional helicopter rating without limitations when using a flight
simulator--
(i) The flight simulator must be qualified and approved as Level C or
Level D; and
(ii) The applicant must meet at least one of the following if a type rating
is sought in a turbine-powered helicopter:
(A) Hold a type rating in a turbine-powered helicopter or have been
appointed by a military service as a pilot in command of a turbine-powered
helicopter.
(B) Have at least 2,000 hours of flight time that includes at least 500
hours in turbine-powered helicopters.
(C) Have at least 500 hours of flight time in turbine-powered helicopters.
(D) Have at least 1,000 hours of flight time in at least two different
turbine-powered helicopters.
(5) Subject to the limitation of paragraph (f)(6) of this section, an
applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph (f)(4) of this
section may complete all training and testing (except for preflight
inspection) for an additional rating when using a flight simulator if--
(i) The flight simulator is qualified and approved as Level C or Level D;
and
(ii) The applicant meets at least one of the following:
(A) Holds a type rating in a turbine-powered helicopter if a type rating in
a turbine-powered helicopter is sought; or
(B) Since the beginning of the 12th calendar month before the month in
which the applicant completes the practical test for an additional helicopter
rating, has logged at least 25 hours of flight time in helicopters of the
same type for which the rating is sought.
(6) An applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (f)(5) of this
section will be issued an additional rating with a limitation.
(7) The limitation on a certificate issued under the provisions of
paragraph (f)(6) of this section shall state, "This certificate is subject to
pilot-in-command limitations for the additional rating."
(8) An applicant who is issued a pilot certificate with the limitation
specified in paragraph (f)(7) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of that helicopter for which the
additional rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the
limitation is removed from the pilot certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 15 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in the same type of helicopter to which the limitation
applies.
(9) An applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph (f)(4) or
paragraph (f)(5) of this section may be issued an additional rating after
successful completion of one of the following requirements:
(i) Compliance with paragraphs (f)(2) and (f)(3) of this section and the
following tasks, which must be successfully completed on a static helicopter
or in flight, as appropriate:
(A) Preflight inspection;
(B) Normal takeoff;
(C) Normal ILS approach;
(D) Missed approach; and
(E) Normal landing.
(ii) Compliance with paragraphs (f)(2), (f)(3), and (f)(10) through (f)(12)
of this section.
(10) A applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (f)(9)(ii) of
this section will be issued an additional rating with a limitation.
(11) The limitation on a certificate issued under the provisions of
paragraph (f)(10) of this section shall state, "This certificate is subject
to pilot-in-command limitations for the additional rating."
(12) An applicant who has been issued a pilot certificate with the
limitation specified in paragraph (f)(11) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of that helicopter for which the
additional rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the
limitation is removed from the pilot certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 25 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in that helicopter of the same type as to which the
limitation applies.
(g) Use of a flight simulator or flight training device for an additional
rating in a powered-lift. The areas of operation required to be performed by
paragraphs (b), (c), and (d) of this section shall be performed as follows:
(1) Except as provided in paragraph (g)(2) of this section, the areas of
operation must be performed in a powered-lift of the same type for the
additional rating sought.
(2) Subject to the limitations of paragraphs (g)(3) through (g)(12) of
this section, the areas of operation may be performed in a flight simulator
or flight training device that represents that powered- lift for the
additional rating sought.
(3) The use of a flight simulator or flight training device permitted by
paragraph (g)(2) of this section shall be conducted in accordance with an
approved course at a training center certificated under part 142 of this
chapter.
(4) To complete all training and testing (except preflight inspection) for
an additional powered-lift rating without limitations when using a flight
simulator--
(i) The flight simulator must be qualified and approved as Level C or
Level D; and
(ii) The applicant must meet at least one of the following if a type rating
is sought in a turbine powered-lift:
(A) Hold a type rating in a turbine powered-lift or have been appointed by
a military service as a pilot in command of a turbine powered-lift.
(B) Have at least 2,000 hours of flight time that includes at least 500
hours in turbine powered-lifts.
(C) Have at least 500 hours of flight time in turbine powered-lifts.
(D) Have at least 1,000 hours of flight time in at least two different
turbine powered-lifts.
(5) Subject to the limitation of paragraph (g)(6) of this section, an
applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph (g)(4) of this
section may complete all training and testing (except for preflight
inspection) for an additional rating when using a flight simulator if--
(i) The flight simulator is qualified and approved as Level C or Level D;
and
(ii) The applicant meets at least one of the following:
(A) Holds a type rating in a turbine powered-lift if a type rating in a
turbine powered-lift is sought; or
(B) Since the beginning of the 12th calendar month before the month in
which the applicant completes the practical test for an additional powered-
lift rating, has logged at least 25 hours of flight time in powered-lifts of
the same type for which the rating is sought.
(6) An applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (g)(5) of this
section will be issued an additional rating with a limitation.
(7) The limitation on a certificate issued under the provisions of
paragraph (g)(6) of this section shall state, "This certificate is subject to
pilot-in-command limitations for the additional rating."
(8) An applicant who is issued a pilot certificate with the limitation
specified in paragraph (g)(7) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of that powered-lift for which the
additional rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the
limitation is removed from the pilot certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 15 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in the same type of powered-lift to which the
limitation applies.
(9) An applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph (g)(4) or
paragraph (g)(5) of this section may be issued an additional rating after
successful completion of one of the following requirements:
(i) Compliance with paragraphs (g)(2) and (g)(3) of this section and the
following tasks, which must be successfully completed on a static powered-
lift or in flight, as appropriate:
(A) Preflight inspection;
(B) Normal takeoff;
(C) Normal ILS approach;
(D) Missed approach; and
(E) Normal landing.
(ii) Compliance with paragraphs (g)(2), (g)(3), and (g)(10) through (g)(12)
of this section.
(10) An applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (g)(9)(ii) of
this section will be issued an additional rating with a limitation.
(11) The limitation on a certificate issued under the provisions of
paragraph (g)(10) of this section shall state, "This certificate is subject
to pilot-in-command limitations for the additional rating."
(12) An applicant who has been issued a pilot certificate with the
limitation specified in paragraph (g)(11) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of that powered-lift for which the
additional rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the
limitation is removed from the pilot certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 25 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in that powered-lift of the same type as to which the
limitation applies.
(h) Aircraft not capable of instrument maneuvers and procedures. An
applicant for a type rating who provides an aircraft not capable of the
instrument maneuvers and procedures required by the appropriate requirements
contained in Sec. 61.157 of this part for the practical test may--
(1) Obtain a type rating limited to "VFR only"; and
(2) Remove the "VFR only" limitation for each aircraft type in which the
applicant demonstrates compliance with the appropriate instrument
requirements contained in Sec. 61.157 or Sec. 61.73 of this part.
(i) Multiengine, single-pilot station airplane. An applicant for a type
rating in a multiengine, single-pilot station airplane may meet the
requirements of this part in a multiseat version of that multiengine
airplane.
(j) Single-engine, single-pilot station airplane. An applicant for a type
rating in a single-engine, single-pilot station airplane may meet the
requirements of this part in a multiseat version of that single-engine
airplane.
(k) Waivers. Unless the Administrator requires certain or all tasks to be
performed, the examiner who conducts the practical test may waive any of the
tasks for which the Administrator approves waiver authority.
pilot certificates (for parts 121 and 135 use only).

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 19298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40899, July
30, 1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20287, Apr. 23, 1998]




Sec. 61.64   [Reserved.]




Sec. 61.65   Instrument rating requirements.

(a) General. A person who applies for an instrument rating must:
(1) Hold at least a current private pilot certificate with an
airplane, helicopter, or powered-lift rating appropriate to the instrument
rating sought;
(2) Be able to read, speak, write, and understand the English language. If
the applicant is unable to meet any of these requirements due to a medical
condition, the Administrator may place such operating limitations on the
applicant's pilot certificate as are necessary for the safe operation of the
aircraft;
(3) Receive and log ground training from an authorized instructor or
accomplish a home-study course of training on the aeronautical knowledge
areas of paragraph (b) of this section that apply to the instrument rating
sought;
(4) Receive a logbook or training record endorsement from an authorized
instructor certifying that the person is prepared to take the required
knowledge test;
(5) Receive and log training on the areas of operation of paragraph (c) of
this section from an authorized instructor in an aircraft, flight simulator,
or flight training device that represents an airplane, helicopter, or
powered-lift appropriate to the instrument rating sought;
(6) Receive a logbook or training record endorsement from an authorized
instructor certifying that the person is prepared to take the required
practical test;
(7) Pass the required knowledge test on the aeronautical knowledge areas of
paragraph (b) of this section; however, an applicant is not required to take
another knowledge test when that person already holds an instrument rating;
and
(8) Pass the required practical test on the areas of operation in paragraph
(c) of this section in--
(i) An airplane, helicopter, or powered-lift, appropriate to the rating
sought; or
(ii) A flight simulator or a flight training device appropriate to the
rating sought and approved for the specific maneuver or procedure performed.
If a flight training device is used for the practical test, the instrument
approach procedures conducted in that flight training device are limited to
one precision and one nonprecision approach, provided the flight training
device is approved for the procedure performed.
(b) Aeronautical knowledge. A person who applies for an instrument rating
must have received and logged ground training from an authorized instructor
or accomplished a home-study course on the following aeronautical knowledge
areas that apply to the instrument rating sought:
(1) Federal Aviation Regulations of this chapter that apply to flight
operations under IFR;
(2) Appropriate information that applies to flight operations under IFR in
the "Aeronautical Information Manual;"
(3) Air traffic control system and procedures for instrument flight
operations;
(4) IFR navigation and approaches by use of navigation systems;
(5) Use of IFR en route and instrument approach procedure charts;
(6) Procurement and use of aviation weather reports and forecasts and the
elements of forecasting weather trends based on that information and personal
observation of weather conditions;
(7) Safe and efficient operation of aircraft under instrument flight rules
and conditions;
(8) Recognition of critical weather situations and windshear avoidance;
(9) Aeronautical decision making and judgment; and
(10) Crew resource management, including crew communication and
coordination.
(c) Flight proficiency. A person who applies for an instrument rating must
receive and log training from an authorized instructor in an aircraft, or in
a flight simulator or flight training device, in accordance with paragraph
(e) of this section, that includes the following areas of operation:
(1) Preflight preparation;
(2) Preflight procedures;
(3) Air traffic control clearances and procedures;
(4) Flight by reference to instruments;
(5) Navigation systems;
(6) Instrument approach procedures;
(7) Emergency operations; and
(8) Postflight procedures.
(d) Aeronautical experience. A person who applies for an instrument rating
must have logged the following:
(1) At least 50 hours of cross-country flight time as pilot in command, of
which at least 10 hours must be in airplanes for an instrument--airplane
rating; and
(2) A total of 40 hours of actual or simulated instrument time on the areas
of operation of this section, to include--
(i) At least 15 hours of instrument flight training from an authorized
instructor in the aircraft category for which the instrument rating is
sought;
(ii) At least 3 hours of instrument training that is appropriate to the
instrument rating sought from an authorized instructor in preparation for the
practical test within the 60 days preceding the date of the test;
(iii) For an instrument--airplane rating, instrument training on cross-
country flight procedures specific to airplanes that includes at least one
cross-country flight in an airplane that is performed under IFR, and consists
of--
(A) A distance of at least 250 nautical miles along airways or ATC-directed
routing;
(B) An instrument approach at each airport; and
(C) Three different kinds of approaches with the use of navigation systems;
(iv) For an instrument--helicopter rating, instrument training specific to
helicopters on cross-country flight procedures that includes at least one
cross-country flight in a helicopter that is performed under IFR, and
consists of--
(A) A distance of at least 100 nautical miles along airways or ATC-directed
routing;
(B) An instrument approach at each airport; and
(C) Three different kinds of approaches with the use of navigation systems;
and
(v) For an instrument--powered-lift rating, instrument training specific to
a powered-lift on cross-country flight procedures that includes at least one
cross-country flight in a powered-lift that is performed under IFR and
consists of--
(A) A distance of at least 250 nautical miles along airways or ATC-directed
routing;
(B) An instrument approach at each airport; and
(C) Three different kinds of approaches with the use of navigation systems.
(e) Use of flight simulators or flight training devices. If the instrument
training was provided by an authorized instructor in a flight simulator or
flight training device--
(1) A maximum of 30 hours may be performed in that flight simulator or
flight training device if the training was accomplished in accordance with
part 142 of this chapter; or
(2) A maximum of 20 hours may be performed in that flight simulator or
flight training device if the training was not accomplished in accordance
with part 142 of this chapter.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40900, July 30,
1997]



Sec. 61.67   Category II pilot authorization requirements.

(a) General. A person who applies for a Category II pilot authorization
must hold:
(1) At least a private or commercial pilot certificate with an instrument
rating or an airline transport pilot certificate;
(2) A type rating for the aircraft for which the authorization is sought if
that aircraft requires a type rating; and
(3) A category and class rating for the aircraft for which the
authorization is sought.
(b) Experience requirements. An applicant for a Category II pilot
authorization must have at least--
(1) 50 hours of night flight time as pilot in command.
(2) 75 hours of instrument time under actual or simulated instrument
conditions that may include not more than--
(i) A combination of 25 hours of simulated instrument flight time in a
flight simulator or flight training device; or
(ii) 40 hours of simulated instrument flight time if accomplished in an
approved course conducted by an appropriately rated training center
certificated under part 142 of this chapter.
(3) 250 hours of cross-country flight time as pilot in command.
(c) Practical test requirements. (1) A practical test must be passed by a
person who applies for--
(i) Issuance or renewal of a Category II pilot authorization; and
(ii) The addition of another type aircraft to the applicant's Category II
pilot authorization.
(2) To be eligible for the practical test for an authorization under this
section, an applicant must--
(i) Meet the requirements of paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section; and
(ii) If the applicant has not passed a practical test for this
authorization during the 12 calendar months preceding the month of the test,
then that person must--
(A) Meet the requirements of Sec. 61.57(c); and
(B) Have performed at least six ILS approaches during the 6 calendar months
preceding the month of the test, of which at least three of the approaches
must have been conducted without the use of an approach coupler.
(3) The approaches specified in paragraph (c)(2)(ii)(B) of this section--
(i) Must be conducted under actual or simulated instrument flight
conditions;
(ii) Must be conducted to the decision height for the ILS approach
in the type aircraft in which the practical test is to be conducted;
(iii) Need not be conducted to the decision height authorized for Category
II operations;
(iv) Must be conducted to the decision height authorized for Category II
operations only if conducted in a flight simulator or flight training device;
and
(v) Must be accomplished in an aircraft of the same category and class, and
type, as applicable, as the aircraft in which the practical test is to be
conducted or in a flight simulator that--
(A) Represents an aircraft of the same category and class, and type, as
applicable, as the aircraft in which the authorization is sought; and
(B) Is used in accordance with an approved course conducted by a training
center certificated under part 142 of this chapter.
(4) The flight time acquired in meeting the requirements of paragraph
(c)(2)(ii)(B) of this section may be used to meet the requirements of
paragraph (c)(2)(ii)(A) of this section.
(d) Practical test procedures. The practical test consists of an oral
increment and a flight increment.
(1) Oral increment. In the oral increment of the practical test an
applicant must demonstrate knowledge of the following:
(i) Required landing distance;
(ii) Recognition of the decision height;
(iii) Missed approach procedures and techniques using computed or fixed
attitude guidance displays;
(iv) Use and limitations of RVR;
(v) Use of visual clues, their availability or limitations, and altitude at
which they are normally discernible at reduced RVR readings;
(vi) Procedures and techniques related to transition from nonvisual to
visual flight during a final approach under reduced RVR;
(vii) Effects of vertical and horizontal windshear;
(viii) Characteristics and limitations of the ILS and runway lighting
system;
(ix) Characteristics and limitations of the flight director system, auto
approach coupler (including split axis type if equipped), auto throttle
system (if equipped), and other required Category II equipment;
(x) Assigned duties of the second in command during Category II approaches,
unless the aircraft for which authorization is sought does not require a
second in command; and
(xi) Instrument and equipment failure warning systems.
(2) Flight increment. The following requirements apply to the flight
increment of the practical test:
(i) The flight increment must be conducted in an aircraft of the same
category, class, and type, as applicable, as the aircraft in which the
authorization is sought or in a flight simulator that--
(A) Represents an aircraft of the same category and class, and type, as
applicable, as the aircraft in which the authorization is sought; and
(B) Is used in accordance with an approved course conducted by a training
center certificated under part 142 of this chapter.
(ii) The flight increment must consist of at least two ILS approaches to
100 feet AGL including at least one landing and one missed approach.
(iii) All approaches performed during the flight increment must be made
with the use of an approved flight control guidance system, except if an
approved auto approach coupler is installed, at least one approach must be
hand flown using flight director commands.
(iv) If a multiengine airplane with the performance capability to execute a
missed approach with one engine inoperative is used for the practical test,
the flight increment must include the performance of one missed approach with
an engine, which shall be the most critical engine, if applicable, set at
idle or zero thrust before reaching the middle marker.
(v) If a multiengine flight simulator or multiengine flight training
device is used for the practical test, the applicant must execute a missed
approach with the most critical engine, if applicable, failed.
(vi) For an authorization for an aircraft that requires a type rating, the
practical test must be performed in coordination with a second in command who
holds a type rating in the aircraft in which the authorization is sought.
(vii) Oral questioning may be conducted at any time during a practical
test.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40900, July 30,
1997]



Sec. 61.68   Category III pilot authorization requirements.

(a) General. A person who applies for a Category III pilot authorization
must hold:
(1) At least a private pilot certificate or commercial pilot certificate
with an instrument rating or an airline transport pilot certificate;
(2) A type rating for the aircraft for which the authorization is sought if
that aircraft requires a type rating; and
(3) A category and class rating for the aircraft for which the
authorization is sought.
(b) Experience requirements. An applicant for a Category III pilot
authorization must have at least--
(1) 50 hours of night flight time as pilot in command.
(2) 75 hours of instrument flight time during actual or simulated
instrument conditions that may include not more than--
(i) A combination of 25 hours of simulated instrument flight time in a
flight simulator or flight training device; or
(ii) 40 hours of simulated instrument flight time if accomplished in an
approved course conducted by an appropriately rated training center
certificated under part 142 of this chapter.
(3) 250 hours of cross-country flight time as pilot in command.
(c) Practical test requirements. (1) A practical test must be passed by a
person who applies for--
(i) Issuance or renewal of a Category III pilot authorization; and
(ii) The addition of another type of aircraft to the applicant's Category
III pilot authorization.
(2) To be eligible for the practical test for an authorization under this
section, an applicant must--
(i) Meet the requirements of paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section; and
(ii) If the applicant has not passed a practical test for this
authorization during the 12 calendar months preceding the month of the test,
then that person must--
(A) Meet the requirements of Sec. 61.57(c); and
(B) Have performed at least six ILS approaches during the 6 calendar months
preceding the month of the test, of which at least three of the approaches
must have been conducted without the use of an approach coupler.
(3) The approaches specified in paragraph (c)(2)(ii)(B) of this section--
(i) Must be conducted under actual or simulated instrument flight
conditions;
(ii) Must be conducted to the alert height or decision height for the ILS
approach in the type aircraft in which the practical test is to be conducted;
(iii) Need not be conducted to the decision height authorized for Category
III operations;
(iv) Must be conducted to the alert height or decision height, as
applicable, authorized for Category III operations only if conducted in an
approved flight simulator or approved flight training device; and
(v) Must be accomplished in an aircraft of the same category and class, and
type, as applicable, as the aircraft in which the practical test is to be
conducted or in a flight simulator that--
(A) Represents an aircraft of the same category and class, and type, as
applicable, as the aircraft for which the authorization is sought; and
(B) Is used in accordance with an approved course conducted by a training
center certificated under part 142 of this chapter.
(4) The flight time acquired in meeting the requirements of paragraph
(c)(2)(ii)(B) of this section may be used to meet the requirements of
paragraph (c)(2)(ii)(A) of this section.
(d) Practical test procedures. The practical test consists of an oral
increment and a flight increment.
(1) Oral increment. In the oral increment of the practical test an
applicant must demonstrate knowledge of the following:
(i) Required landing distance;
(ii) Determination and recognition of the alert height or decision height,
as applicable, including use of a radar altimeter;
(iii) Recognition of and proper reaction to significant failures
encountered prior to and after reaching the alert height or decision height,
as applicable;
(iv) Missed approach procedures and techniques using computed or fixed
attitude guidance displays and expected height loss as they relate to manual
go-around or automatic go-around, and initiation altitude, as applicable;
(v) Use and limitations of RVR, including determination of controlling RVR
and required transmissometers;
(vi) Use, availability, or limitations of visual cues and the altitude at
which they are normally discernible at reduced RVR readings including--
(A) Unexpected deterioration of conditions to less than minimum RVR during
approach, flare, and rollout;
(B) Demonstration of expected visual references with weather at minimum
conditions;
(C) The expected sequence of visual cues during an approach in which
visibility is at or above landing minima; and
(D) Procedures and techniques for making a transition from instrument
reference flight to visual flight during a final approach under reduced RVR.
(vii) Effects of vertical and horizontal windshear;
(viii) Characteristics and limitations of the ILS and runway lighting
system;
(ix) Characteristics and limitations of the flight director system auto
approach coupler (including split axis type if equipped), auto throttle
system (if equipped), and other Category III equipment;
(x) Assigned duties of the second in command during Category III
operations, unless the aircraft for which authorization is sought does not
require a second in command;
(xi) Recognition of the limits of acceptable aircraft position and flight
path tracking during approach, flare, and, if applicable, rollout; and
(xii) Recognition of, and reaction to, airborne or ground system faults or
abnormalities, particularly after passing alert height or decision height, as
applicable.
(2) Flight increment. The following requirements apply to the flight
increment of the practical test--
(i) The flight increment may be conducted in an aircraft of the same
category and class, and type, as applicable, as the aircraft for which the
authorization is sought, or in a flight simulator that--
(A) Represents an aircraft of the same category and class, and type, as
applicable, as the aircraft in which the authorization is sought; and
(B) Is used in accordance with an approved course conducted by a training
center certificated under part 142 of this chapter.
(ii) The flight increment must consist of at least two ILS approaches to
100 feet AGL, including one landing and one missed approach initiated from a
very low altitude that may result in a touchdown during the go-around
maneuver;
(iii) All approaches performed during the flight increment must be made
with the approved automatic landing system or an equivalent landing system
approved by the Administrator;
(iv) If a multiengine aircraft with the performance capability to execute a
missed approach with one engine inoperative is used for the practical test,
the flight increment must include the performance of one missed approach with
the most critical engine, if applicable, set at idle or zero thrust before
reaching the middle or outer marker;
(v) If a multiengine flight simulator or multiengine flight training
device is used, a missed approach must be executed with an engine, which
shall be the most critical engine, if applicable, failed;
(vi) For an authorization for an aircraft that requires a type rating, the
practical test must be performed in coordination with a second in command who
holds a type rating in the aircraft in which the authorization is sought;
(vii) Oral questioning may be conducted at any time during the practical
test;
(viii) Subject to the limitations of this paragraph, for Category IIIb
operations predicated on the use of a fail-passive rollout control system, at
least one manual rollout using visual reference or a combination of visual
and instrument references must be executed. The maneuver required by this
paragraph shall be initiated by a fail-passive disconnect of the rollout
control system--
(A) After main gear touchdown;
(B) Prior to nose gear touchdown;
(C) In conditions representative of the most adverse lateral touchdown
displacement allowing a safe landing on the runway; and
(D) In weather conditions anticipated in Category IIIb operations.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40900, July 30,
1997]



Sec. 61.69   Glider towing: Experience and training requirements.

(a) No person may act as pilot in command for towing a glider unless that
person:
(1) Holds at least a private pilot certificate with a category rating for
powered aircraft;
(2) Has logged at least 100 hours of pilot-in-command time in the aircraft
category, class, and type, if required, that the pilot is using to tow a
glider;
(3) Has a logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor who certifies
that the person has received ground and flight training in gliders and is
proficient in--
(i) The techniques and procedures essential to the safe towing of gliders,
including airspeed limitations;
(ii) Emergency procedures;
(iii) Signals used; and
(iv) Maximum angles of bank.
(4) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this section, has logged at
least three flights as the sole manipulator of the controls of an aircraft
towing a glider or simulating glider-towing flight procedures while
accompanied by a pilot who meets the requirements of paragraphs (c) and (d)
this section;
(5) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this section, has received a
logbook endorsement from the pilot, described in paragraph (a)(4) of this
section, certifying that the person has accomplished at least 3 flights in an
aircraft while towing a glider, or while simulating glider-towing flight
procedures; and
(6) Within the preceding 12 months has--
(i) Made at least three actual or simulated glider tows while accompanied
by a qualified pilot who meets the requirements of this section; or
(ii) Made at least three flights as pilot in command of a glider towed by
an aircraft.
(b) Any person who before May 17, 1967, has made and logged 10 or more
flights as pilot in command of an aircraft towing a glider in accordance with
a certificate of waiver need not comply with paragraphs (a)(4) and (a)(5) of
this section.
(c) The pilot, described in paragraph (a)(4) of this section, who endorses
the logbook of a person seeking glider-towing privileges must have:
(1) Met the requirements of this section prior to endorsing the logbook of
the person seeking glider-towing privileges; and
(2) Logged at least 10 flights as pilot in command of an aircraft while
towing a glider.
(d) If the pilot described in paragraph (a)(4) of this section holds only a
private pilot certificate, then that pilot must have:
(1) Logged at least 100 hours of pilot-in-command time in airplanes, or 200
hours of pilot-in-command time in a combination of powered and other-than-
powered aircraft; and
(2) Performed and logged at least three flights within the 12 calendar
months preceding the month that pilot accompanies or endorses the logbook of
a person seeking glider-towing privileges--
(i) In an aircraft while towing a glider accompanied by another pilot who
meets the requirements of this section; or
(ii) As pilot in command of a glider being towed by an aircraft.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40901, July 30,
1997]




Sec. 61.71   Graduates of an approved training program other than under this
part: Special rules.

(a) A person who graduates from an approved training program under part 141
or part 142 of this chapter is considered to have met the applicable
aeronautical experience, aeronautical knowledge, and areas of operation
requirements of this part if that person presents the graduation certificate
and passes the required practical test within the 60-day period after the
date of graduation.
(b) A person may apply for an airline transport pilot certificate, type
rating, or both under this part, and will be considered to have met the
applicable requirements under Sec. 61.157 of this part for that certificate
and rating, if that person has:
(1) Satisfactorily accomplished an approved training program and the pilot-
in-command proficiency check for that airplane type, in accordance with the
pilot-in-command requirements under subparts N and O of part 121 of this
chapter; and
(2) Applied for the airline transport pilot certificate, type rating, or
both within the 60-day period from the date the person satisfactorily
accomplished the approved training program and pilot-in-command proficiency
check for that airplane type.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40901, July 30,
1997]


Sec. 61.73   Military pilots or former military pilots: Special rules.

(a) General. Except for a rated military pilot or former rated military
pilot who has been removed from flying status for lack of proficiency, or
because of disciplinary action involving aircraft operations, a rated
military pilot or former rated military pilot who meets the applicable
requirements of this section may apply, on the basis of his or her military
training, for:
(1) A commercial pilot certificate;
(2) An aircraft rating in the category and class of aircraft for which that
military pilot is qualified;
(3) An instrument rating with the appropriate aircraft rating for which
that military pilot is qualified; or
(4) A type rating, if appropriate.
(b) Military pilots on active flying status within the past 12 months. A
rated military pilot or former rated military pilot who has been on active
flying status within the 12 months before applying must:
(1) Pass a knowledge test on the appropriate parts of this chapter that
apply to pilot privileges and limitations, air traffic and general operating
rules, and accident reporting rules;
(2) Present documentation showing compliance with the requirements of
paragraph (d) of this section for at least one aircraft category rating; and
(3) Present documentation showing that the applicant is or was, at any time
during the 12 calendar months before the month of application--
(i) A rated military pilot on active flying status in an armed force of the
United States; or
(ii) A rated military pilot of an armed force of a foreign contracting
State to the Convention on International Civil Aviation, assigned to pilot
duties (other than flight training) with an armed force of the United States
and holds, at the time of application, a current civil pilot license issued
by that contracting State authorizing at least the privileges of the pilot
certificate sought.
(c) Military pilots not on active flying status during the 12 calendar
months before the month of application. A rated military pilot or former
rated military pilot who has not been on active flying status within the 12
calendar months before the month of application must:
(1) Pass the appropriate knowledge and practical tests prescribed in this
part for the certificate or rating sought; and
(2) Present documentation showing that the applicant was, before the
beginning of the 12th calendar month before the month of application, a
rated military pilot as prescribed by paragraph (b)(3)(i) or paragraph
(b)(3)(ii) of this section.
(d) Aircraft category, class, and type ratings. A rated military pilot or
former rated military pilot who applies for an aircraft category, class, or
type rating, if applicable, is issued that rating at the commercial pilot
certificate level if the pilot presents documentary evidence that shows
satisfactory accomplishment of:
(1) An official U.S. military pilot check and instrument proficiency check
in that aircraft category, class, or type, if applicable, as pilot in command
during the 12 calendar months before the month of application;
(2) At least 10 hours of pilot-in-command time in that aircraft category,
class, or type, if applicable, during the 12 calendar months before the month
of application; or
(3) An FAA practical test in that aircraft after--
(i) Meeting the requirements of paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2) of this
section; and
(ii) Having received an endorsement from an authorized instructor who
certifies that the pilot is proficient to take the required practical test,
and that endorsement is made within the 60-day period preceding the date of
the practical test.
(e) Instrument rating. A rated military pilot or former rated military
pilot who applies for an airplane instrument rating, a helicopter instrument
rating, or a powered-lift instrument rating to be added to his or her
commercial pilot certificate may apply for an instrument rating if the pilot
has, within the 12 calendar months preceding the month of application:
(1) Passed an instrument proficiency check by a U.S. Armed Force in the
aircraft category for the instrument rating sought; and
(2) Received authorization from a U.S. Armed Force to conduct IFR flights
on Federal airways in that aircraft category and class for the instrument
rating sought.
(f) Aircraft type rating. An aircraft type rating is issued only for
aircraft types that the Administrator has certificated for civil operations.
(g) Aircraft type rating placed on an airline transport pilot certificate.
A rated military pilot or former rated military pilot who holds an airline
transport pilot certificate and who requests an aircraft type rating to be
placed on that person's airline transport pilot certificate may be issued
that aircraft type rating at the airline transport pilot certificate level,
provided that person:
(1) Holds a category and class rating for that type of aircraft at the
airline transport pilot certificate level; and
(2) Passed an official U.S. military pilot check and instrument proficiency
check in that type of aircraft as pilot in command during the 12 calendar
months before the month of application.
(h) Evidentiary documents. The following documents are satisfactory
evidence for the purposes indicated:
(1) An official identification card issued to the pilot by an armed force
may be used to demonstrate membership in the armed forces.
(2) An original or a copy of a certificate of discharge or release may be
used to demonstrate discharge or release from an armed force or former
membership in an armed force.
(3) Current or previous status as a rated military pilot with a U.S. Armed
Force may be demonstrated by--
(i) An official U.S. Armed Force order to flight status as a military
pilot;
(ii) An official U.S. Armed Force form or logbook showing military pilot
status; or
(iii) An official order showing that the rated military pilot graduated
from a U.S. military pilot school and received a rating as a military pilot.
(4) A certified U.S. Armed Force logbook or an appropriate official U.S.
Armed Force form or summary may be used to demonstrate flight time in
military aircraft as a member of a U.S. Armed Force.
(5) An official U.S. Armed Force record of a military checkout as pilot in
command may be used to demonstrate pilot in command status.
(6) A current instrument grade slip that is issued by a U.S. Armed Force,
or an official record of satisfactory accomplishment of an instrument
proficiency check during the 12 calendar months preceding the month of the
application may be used to demonstrate instrument pilot qualification.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40901, July 30,
1997]




Sec. 61.75   Private pilot certificate issued on the basis of a foreign pilot
license.

(a) General. A person who holds a current foreign pilot license issued by a
contracting State to the Convention on International Civil Aviation may apply
for and be issued a private pilot certificate with the appropriate ratings
when the application is based on the foreign pilot license that meets the
requirements of this section.
(b) Certificate issued. A U.S. private pilot certificate that is issued
under this section shall specify the person's foreign license number and
country of issuance. A person who holds a current foreign pilot license
issued by a contracting State to the Convention on International Civil
Aviation may be issued a private pilot certificate based on the foreign pilot
license without any further showing of proficiency, provided the applicant:
(1) Meets the requirements of this section;
(2) Holds a foreign pilot license that--
(i) Is not under an order of revocation or suspension by the foreign
country that issued the foreign pilot license; and
(ii) Does not contain an endorsement stating that the applicant has not met
all of the standards of ICAO for that license;
(3) Does not currently hold a U.S. pilot certificate;
(4) Holds a current medical certificate issued under part 67 of this
chapter or a current medical certificate issued by the country that issued
the person's foreign pilot license; and
(5) Is able to read, speak, write, and understand the English language. If
the applicant is unable to meet one of these requirements due to medical
reasons, then the Administrator may place such operating limitations on that
applicant's pilot certificate as are necessary for the safe operation of the
aircraft.
(c) Aircraft ratings issued. Aircraft ratings listed on a person's foreign
pilot license, in addition to any issued after testing under the provisions
of this part, may be placed on that person's U.S. pilot certificate.
(d) Instrument ratings issued. A person who holds an instrument rating on
the foreign pilot license issued by a contracting State to the Convention on
International Civil Aviation may be issued an instrument rating on a U.S.
private pilot certificate provided:
(1) The person's foreign pilot license authorizes instrument privileges;
(2) Within 24 months preceding the month in which the person applies for
the instrument rating, the person passes the appropriate knowledge test; and
(3) The person is able to read, speak, write, and understand the English
language. If the applicant is unable to meet one of these requirements due to
medical reasons, then the Administrator may place such operating limitations
on that applicant's pilot certificate as are necessary for the safe operation
of the aircraft.
(e) Operating privileges and limitations. A person who receives a U.S.
private pilot certificate that has been issued under the provisions of this
section:
(1) May act as a pilot of a civil aircraft of U.S. registry in accordance
with the private pilot privileges authorized by this part;
(2) Is limited to the privileges placed on the certificate by the
Administrator;
(3) Is subject to the limitations and restrictions on the person's U.S.
certificate and foreign pilot license when exercising the privileges of that
U.S. pilot certificate in an aircraft of U.S. registry operating within or
outside the United States; and
(4) Shall not exercise the privileges of that U.S. private pilot
certificate when the person's foreign pilot license has been revoked or
suspended.
(f) Limitation on licenses used as the basis for a U.S. certificate. Only
one foreign pilot license may be used as a basis for issuing a U.S. private
pilot certificate. The foreign pilot license and medical certification used
as a basis for issuing a U.S. private pilot certificate under this section
must be in the English language or accompanied by an English language
transcription that has been signed by an official or representative of the
foreign aviation authority that issued the foreign pilot license.
(g) Limitation placed on a U.S. private pilot certificate. A U.S. private
pilot certificate issued under this section is valid only when the holder has
the foreign pilot license upon which the issuance of the U.S. private pilot
certificate was based in the holder's personal possession or readily
accessible in the aircraft.




Sec. 61.77   Special purpose pilot authorization: Operation of U.S.-
registered civil aircraft leased by a person who is not a U.S. citizen.

(a) General. The holder of a foreign pilot license issued by a contracting
State to the Convention on International Civil Aviation who meets the
requirements of this section may be issued a special purpose pilot
authorization by the Administrator for the purpose of performing pilot
duties.
(1) On a civil aircraft of U.S. registry that is leased to a person who is
not a citizen of the United States, and
(2) For carrying persons or property for compensation or hire on that
aircraft.
(b) Eligibility. To be eligible for the issuance or renewal of a special
purpose pilot authorization, an applicant must present the following to an
FAA Flight Standards District Office:
(1) A current foreign pilot license that has been issued by the
aeronautical authority of a contracting State to the Convention on
International Civil Aviation from which the person holds citizenship or
resident status and that contains the appropriate aircraft category, class,
instrument rating, and type rating, if appropriate, for the aircraft to be
flown;
(2) A current certification by the lessee of the aircraft--
(i) Stating that the applicant is employed by the lessee;
(ii) Specifying the aircraft type on which the applicant will perform pilot
duties; and
(iii) Stating that the applicant has received ground and flight instruction
that qualifies the applicant to perform the duties to be assigned on the
aircraft.
(3) Documentation showing when the applicant will reach the age of 60 years
(an official copy of the applicant's birth certificate or other official
documentation);
(4) Documentation that the applicant meets the medical standards for the
issuance of the foreign pilot license from the aeronautical authority of the
contracting State to the Convention on International Civil Aviation where the
applicant holds citizenship or resident status;
(5) Documentation that the applicant meets the recent flight experience
requirements of this part (a logbook or flight record); and
(6) A statement that the applicant does not already hold a special purpose
pilot authorization; however, if the applicant already holds a special
purpose pilot authorization, then that special purpose pilot authorization
must be surrendered to either the FAA Flight Standards District Office that
issued it, or the FAA Flight Standards District Office processing the
application for the authorization, prior to being issued another special
purpose pilot authorization.
(c) Privileges. A person issued a special purpose pilot authorization under
this section--
(1) May exercise the privileges prescribed on the special purpose pilot
authorization; and
(2) Must comply with the limitations specified in this section and any
additional limitations specified on the special purpose pilot authorization.
(d) General limitations. A special purpose pilot authorization is valid
only--
(1) For flights between foreign countries or for flights in foreign air
commerce within the time period allotted on the authorization;
(2) If the foreign pilot license required by paragraph (b)(1) of this
section, the medical documentation required by paragraph (b)(4) of this
section, and the special purpose pilot authorization issued under this
section are in the holder's physical possession or immediately accessible in
the aircraft;
(3) While the holder is employed by the person to whom the aircraft
described in the certification required by paragraph (b)(2) of this section
is leased;
(4) While the holder is performing pilot duties on the U.S.-registered
aircraft described in the certification required by paragraph (b)(2) of this
section; and
(5) If the holder has only one special purpose pilot authorization as
provided in paragraph (b)(6) of this section.
(e) Age limitation. Except as provided in paragraph (g) of this section, no
person who holds a special purpose pilot authorization issued under this
part, and no person who holds a special purpose pilot certificate issued
under this part before August 4, 1997, shall serve as a pilot on a civil
airplane of U.S. registry if the person has reached his or her 60th birthday,
in the following operations:
(1) Scheduled international air services carrying passengers in turbojet-
powered airplanes;
(2) Scheduled international air services carrying passengers in airplanes
having a passenger-seat configuration of more than nine passenger seats,
excluding each crewmember seat;
(3) Nonscheduled international air transportation for compensation or hire
in airplanes having a passenger-seat configuration of more than 30 passenger
seats, excluding each crewmember seat; or
(4) Scheduled international air services, or nonscheduled international air
transportation for compensation or hire, in airplanes having a payload
capacity of more than 7,500 pounds.
(f) Definitions. (1) International air service, as used in paragraph (e) of
this section, means scheduled air service performed in airplanes for the
public transport of passengers, mail, or cargo, in which the service passes
through the air space over the territory of more than one country.
(2) International air transportation, as used in paragraph (e) of this
section, means air transportation performed in airplanes for the public
transport of passengers, mail, or cargo, in which service passes through the
air space over the territory of more than one country.
(g) Delayed pilot age limitations for certain operations. Until December
20, 1999, a person may serve as a pilot in the operations specified in
paragraph (e) of this section after that person has reached his or her 60th
birthday, if, on March 20, 1997, that person was employed as a pilot in any
of the following operations:
(1) Scheduled international air services carrying passengers in
nontransport category turbopropeller-powered airplanes type certificated
after December 31, 1964, that have a passenger-seat configuration of 10 to 19
seats;
(2) Scheduled international air services carrying passengers in transport
category turbopropeller-powered airplanes that have a passenger-seat
configuration of 20 to 30 seats; or
(3) Scheduled international air services carrying passengers in turbojet-
powered airplanes having a passenger-seat configuration of 1 to 30 seats.
(h) Expiration date. Each special purpose pilot authorization issued under
this section expires--
(1) 60 calendar months from the month it was issued, unless sooner
suspended or revoked;
(2) When the lease agreement for the aircraft expires or the lessee
terminates the employment of the person who holds the special purpose pilot
authorization;
(3) Whenever the person's foreign pilot license has been suspended,
revoked, or is no longer valid; or
(4) When the person no longer meets the medical standards for the issuance
of the foreign pilot license.
(i) Renewal. A person exercising the privileges of a special purpose pilot
authorization may apply for a 60-calendar-month extension of that
authorization, provided the person--
(1) Continues to meet the requirements of this section; and
(2) Surrenders the expired special purpose pilot authorization upon receipt
of the new authorization.
(j) Surrender. The holder of a special purpose pilot authorization must
surrender the authorization to the Administrator within 7 days after the date
the authorization terminates.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40902, July 30,
1997]




                      Subpart C--Student Pilots






Sec. 61.81   Applicability.

This subpart prescribes the requirements for the issuance of student pilot
certificates, the conditions under which those certificates are necessary,
and the general operating rules and limitations for the holders of those
certificates.




Sec. 61.83   Eligibility requirements for student pilots.

To be eligible for a student pilot certificate, an applicant must:
(a) Be at least 16 years of age for other than the operation of a glider or
balloon.
(b) Be at least 14 years of age for the operation of a glider or balloon.
(c) Be able to read, speak, write, and understand the English language. If
the applicant is unable to meet one of these requirements due to medical
reasons, then the Administrator may place such operating limitations on that
applicant's pilot certificate as are necessary for the safe operation of the
aircraft.






Sec. 61.85   Application.

An application for a student pilot certificate is made on a form and in a
manner provided by the Administrator and is submitted to:
(a) A designated aviation medical examiner if applying for an FAA medical
certificate under part 67 of this chapter;
(b) An examiner; or
(c) A Flight Standards District Office.





Sec. 61.87   Solo requirements for student pilots.

(a) General. A student pilot may not operate an aircraft in solo flight
unless that student has met the requirements of this section. The term "solo
flight" as used in this subpart means that flight time during which a student
pilot is the sole occupant of the aircraft or that flight time during which
the student performs the duties of a pilot in command of a gas balloon or an
airship requiring more than one pilot flight crewmember.
(b) Aeronautical knowledge. A student pilot must demonstrate satisfactory
aeronautical knowledge on a knowledge test that meets the requirements of
this paragraph:
(1) The test must address the student pilot's knowledge of--
(i) Applicable sections of parts 61 and 91 of this chapter;
(ii) Airspace rules and procedures for the airport where the solo flight
will be performed; and
(iii) Flight characteristics and operational limitations for the make and
model of aircraft to be flown.
(2) The student's authorized instructor must--
(i) Administer the test; and
(ii) At the conclusion of the test, review all incorrect answers with the
student before authorizing that student to conduct a solo flight.
(c) Pre-solo flight training. Prior to conducting a solo flight, a student
pilot must have:
(1) Received and logged flight training for the maneuvers and procedures of
this section that are appropriate to the make and model of aircraft to be
flown; and
(2) Demonstrated satisfactory proficiency and safety, as judged by an
authorized instructor, on the maneuvers and procedures required by this
section in the make and model of aircraft or similar make and model of
aircraft to be flown.
(d) Maneuvers and procedures for pre-solo flight training in a single-
engine airplane. A student pilot who is receiving training for a single-
engine airplane rating must receive and log flight training for the following
maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Proper flight preparation procedures, including preflight planning and
preparation, powerplant operation, and aircraft systems;
(2) Taxiing or surface operations, including runups;
(3) Takeoffs and landings, including normal and crosswind;
(4) Straight and level flight, and turns in both directions;
(5) Climbs and climbing turns;
(6) Airport traffic patterns, including entry and departure procedures;
(7) Collision avoidance, windshear avoidance, and wake turbulence
avoidance;
(8) Descents, with and without turns, using high and low drag
configurations;
(9) Flight at various airspeeds from cruise to slow flight;
(10) Stall entries from various flight attitudes and power combinations
with recovery initiated at the first indication of a stall, and recovery from
a full stall;
(11) Emergency procedures and equipment malfunctions;
(12) Ground reference maneuvers;
(13) Approaches to a landing area with simulated engine malfunctions;
(14) Slips to a landing; and
(15) Go-arounds.
(e) Maneuvers and procedures for pre-solo flight training in a multiengine
airplane. A student pilot who is receiving training for a multiengine
airplane rating must receive and log flight training for the following
maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Proper flight preparation procedures, including preflight planning and
preparation, powerplant operation, and aircraft systems;
(2) Taxiing or surface operations, including runups;
(3) Takeoffs and landings, including normal and crosswind;
(4) Straight and level flight, and turns in both directions;
(5) Climbs and climbing turns;
(6) Airport traffic patterns, including entry and departure procedures;
(7) Collision avoidance, windshear avoidance, and wake turbulence
avoidance;
(8) Descents, with and without turns, using high and low drag
configurations;
(9) Flight at various airspeeds from cruise to slow flight;
(10) Stall entries from various flight attitudes and power combinations
with recovery initiated at the first indication of a stall, and recovery from
a full stall;
(11) Emergency procedures and equipment malfunctions;
(12) Ground reference maneuvers;
(13) Approaches to a landing area with simulated engine malfunctions; and
(14) Go-arounds.
(f) Maneuvers and procedures for pre-solo flight training in a helicopter.
A student pilot who is receiving training for a helicopter rating must
receive and log flight training for the following maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Proper flight preparation procedures, including preflight planning and
preparation, powerplant operation, and aircraft systems;
(2) Taxiing or surface operations, including runups;
(3) Takeoffs and landings, including normal and crosswind;
(4) Straight and level flight, and turns in both directions;
(5) Climbs and climbing turns;
(6) Airport traffic patterns, including entry and departure procedures;
(7) Collision avoidance, windshear avoidance, and wake turbulence
avoidance;
(8) Descents with and without turns;
(9) Flight at various airspeeds;
(10) Emergency procedures and equipment malfunctions;
(11) Ground reference maneuvers;
(12) Approaches to the landing area;
(13) Hovering and hovering turns;
(14) Go-arounds;
(15) Simulated emergency procedures, including autorotational descents with
a power recovery and power recovery to a hover;
(16) Rapid decelerations; and
(17) Simulated one-engine-inoperative approaches and landings for
multiengine helicopters.
(g) Maneuvers and procedures for pre-solo flight training in a gyroplane. A
student pilot who is receiving training for a gyroplane rating must receive
and log flight training for the following maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Proper flight preparation procedures, including preflight planning and
preparation, powerplant operation, and aircraft systems;
(2) Taxiing or surface operations, including runups;
(3) Takeoffs and landings, including normal and crosswind;
(4) Straight and level flight, and turns in both directions;
(5) Climbs and climbing turns;
(6) Airport traffic patterns, including entry and departure procedures;
(7) Collision avoidance, windshear avoidance, and wake turbulence
avoidance;
(8) Descents with and without turns;
(9) Flight at various airspeeds;
(10) Emergency procedures and equipment malfunctions;
(11) Ground reference maneuvers;
(12) Approaches to the landing area;
(13) High rates of descent with power on and with simulated power off, and
recovery from those flight configurations;
(14) Go-arounds; and
(15) Simulated emergency procedures, including simulated power-off landings
and simulated power failure during departures.
(h) Maneuvers and procedures for pre-solo flight training in a powered-
lift. A student pilot who is receiving training for a powered-lift rating
must receive and log flight training in the following maneuvers and
procedures:
(1) Proper flight preparation procedures, including preflight planning and
preparation, powerplant operation, and aircraft systems;
(2) Taxiing or surface operations, including runups;
(3) Takeoffs and landings, including normal and crosswind;
(4) Straight and level flight, and turns in both directions;
(5) Climbs and climbing turns;
(6) Airport traffic patterns, including entry and departure procedures;
(7) Collision avoidance, windshear avoidance, and wake turbulence
avoidance;
(8) Descents with and without turns;
(9) Flight at various airspeeds from cruise to slow flight;
(10) Stall entries from various flight attitudes and power combinations
with recovery initiated at the first indication of a stall, and recovery from
a full stall;
(11) Emergency procedures and equipment malfunctions;
(12) Ground reference maneuvers;
(13) Approaches to a landing with simulated engine malfunctions;
(14) Go-arounds;
(15) Approaches to the landing area;
(16) Hovering and hovering turns; and
(17) For multiengine powered-lifts, simulated one-engine-inoperative
approaches and landings.
(i) Maneuvers and procedures for pre-solo flight training in a glider. A
student pilot who is receiving training for a glider rating must receive and
log flight training for the following maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Proper flight preparation procedures, including preflight planning,
preparation, aircraft systems, and, if appropriate, powerplant operations;
(2) Taxiing or surface operations, including runups, if applicable;
(3) Launches, including normal and crosswind;
(4) Straight and level flight, and turns in both directions, if applicable
(5) Airport traffic patterns, including entry procedures;
(6) Collision avoidance, windshear avoidance, and wake turbulence
avoidance;
(7) Descents with and without turns using high and low drag configurations;
(8) Flight at various airspeeds;
(9) Emergency procedures and equipment malfunctions;
(10) Ground reference maneuvers, if applicable
(11) Inspection of towline rigging and review of signals and release
procedures, if applicable
(12) Aerotow, ground tow, or self-launch procedures;
(13) Procedures for disassembly and assembly of the glider;
(14) Stall entry, stall, and stall recovery;
(15) Straight glides, turns, and spirals;
(16) Landings, including normal and crosswind;
(17) Slips to a landing;
(18) Procedures and techniques for thermalling; and
(19) Emergency operations, including towline break procedures.
(j) Maneuvers and procedures for pre-solo flight training in an airship. A
student pilot who is receiving training for an airship rating must receive
and log flight training for the following maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Proper flight preparation procedures, including preflight planning and
preparation, powerplant operation, and aircraft systems;
(2) Taxiing or surface operations, including runups;
(3) Takeoffs and landings, including normal and crosswind;
(4) Straight and level flight, and turns in both directions;
(5) Climbs and climbing turns;
(6) Airport traffic patterns, including entry and departure procedures;
(7) Collision avoidance, windshear avoidance, and wake turbulence
avoidance;
(8) Descents with and without turns;
(9) Flight at various airspeeds from cruise to slow flight;
(10) Emergency procedures and equipment malfunctions;
(11) Ground reference maneuvers;
(12) Rigging, ballasting, and controlling pressure in the ballonets, and
superheating; and
(13) Landings with positive and with negative static trim.
(k) Maneuvers and procedures for pre-solo flight training in a balloon. A
student pilot who is receiving training in a balloon must receive and log
flight training for the following maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Layout and assembly procedures;
(2) Proper flight preparation procedures, including preflight planning and
preparation, and aircraft systems;
(3) Ascents and descents;
(4) Landing and recovery procedures;
(5) Emergency procedures and equipment malfunctions;
(6) Operation of hot air or gas source, ballast, valves, vents, and rip
panels, as appropriate;
(7) Use of deflation valves or rip panels for simulating an emergency;
(8) The effects of wind on climb and approach angles; and
(9) Obstruction detection and avoidance techniques.
(l) Limitations on student pilots operating an aircraft in solo flight. A
student pilot may not operate an aircraft in solo flight unless that student
pilot has received:
(1) An endorsement from an authorized instructor on his or her student
pilot certificate for the specific make and model aircraft to be flown; and
(2) An endorsement in the student's logbook for the specific make and model
aircraft to be flown by an authorized instructor, who gave the training
within the 90 days preceding the date of the flight.
(m) Limitations on student pilots operating an aircraft in solo flight at
night. A student pilot may not operate an aircraft in solo flight at night
unless that student pilot has received:
(1) Flight training at night on night flying procedures that includes
takeoffs, approaches, landings, and go-arounds at night at the airport where
the solo flight will be conducted;
(2) Navigation training at night in the vicinity of the airport where the
solo flight will be conducted; and
(3) An endorsement in the student's logbook for the specific make and model
aircraft to be flown for night solo flight by an authorized instructor who
gave the training within the 90-day period preceding the date of the flight.
(n) Limitations on flight instructors authorizing solo flight. (1) No
instructor may authorize a student pilot to perform a solo flight unless that
instructor has--
(i) Given that student pilot training in the make and model of aircraft or
a similar make and model of aircraft in which the solo flight is to be flown;
(ii) Determined the student pilot is proficient in the maneuvers and
procedures prescribed in this section;
(iii) Determined the student pilot is proficient in the make and model of
aircraft to be flown;
(iv) Ensured that the student pilot's certificate has been endorsed by an
instructor authorized to provide flight training for the specific make and
model aircraft to be flown; and
(v) Endorsed the student pilot's logbook for the specific make and model
aircraft to be flown, and that endorsement remains current for solo flight
privileges, provided an authorized instructor updates the student's logbook
every 90 days thereafter.
(2) The flight training required by this section must be given by an
instructor authorized to provide flight training who is appropriately rated
and current.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40902, July 30,
1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20287, Apr. 23, 1998]




Sec. 61.89   General limitations.

(a) A student pilot may not act as pilot in command of an aircraft:
(1) That is carrying a passenger;
(2) That is carrying property for compensation or hire;
(3) For compensation or hire;
(4) In furtherance of a business;
(5) On an international flight, except that a student pilot may make solo
training flights from Haines, Gustavus, or Juneau, Alaska, to White Horse,
Yukon, Canada, and return over the province of British Columbia;
(6) With a flight or surface visibility of less than 3 statute miles during
daylight hours or 5 statute miles at night;
(7) When the flight cannot be made with visual reference to the surface; or
(8) In a manner contrary to any limitations placed in the pilot's logbook
by an authorized instructor.
(b) A student pilot may not act as a required pilot flight crewmember on
any aircraft for which more than one pilot is required by the type
certificate of the aircraft or regulations under which the flight is
conducted, except when receiving flight training from an authorized
instructor on board an airship, and no person other than a required flight
crewmember is carried on the aircraft.




Sec. 61.91   [Reserved]




Sec. 61.93   Solo cross-country flight requirements.

(a) General. (1) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this section, a
student pilot must meet the requirements of this section before--
(i) Conducting a solo cross-country flight, or any flight greater than 25
nautical miles from the airport from where the flight originated.
(ii) Making a solo flight and landing at any location other than the
airport of origination.
(2) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this section, a student pilot
who seeks solo cross-country flight privileges must:
(i) Have received flight training from an instructor authorized to provide
flight training on the maneuvers and procedures of this section that are
appropriate to the make and model of aircraft for which solo cross-country
privileges are sought;
(ii) Have demonstrated cross-country proficiency on the appropriate
maneuvers and procedures of this section to an authorized instructor;
(iii) Have satisfactorily accomplished the pre-solo flight maneuvers and
procedures required by Sec. 61.87 of this part in the make and model of
aircraft or similar make and model of aircraft for which solo cross-country
privileges are sought; and
(iv) Comply with any limitations included in the authorized instructor's
endorsement that are required by paragraph (c) of this section.
(3) A student pilot who seeks solo cross-country flight privileges must
have received ground and flight training from an authorized instructor on the
cross-country maneuvers and procedures listed in this section that are
appropriate to the aircraft to be flown.
(b) Authorization to perform certain solo flights and cross-country
flights. A student pilot must obtain an endorsement from an authorized
instructor to make solo flights from the airport where the student pilot
normally receives training to another location. A student pilot who receives
this endorsement must comply with the requirements of this paragraph.
(1) Solo flights may be made to another airport that is within 25 nautical
miles from the airport where the student pilot normally receives training,
provided--
(i) An authorized instructor has given the student pilot flight training at
the other airport, and that training includes flight in both directions over
the route, entering and exiting the traffic pattern, and takeoffs and
landings at the other airport;
(ii) The authorized instructor who gave the training endorses the student
pilot's logbook authorizing the flight;
(iii) The student pilot has current solo flight endorsements in accordance
with Sec. 61.87 of this part;
(iv) The authorized instructor has determined that the student pilot is
proficient to make the flight; and
(v) The purpose of the flight is to practice takeoffs and landings at that
other airport.
(2) Repeated specific solo cross-country flights may be made to another
airport that is within 50 nautical miles of the airport from which the flight
originated, provided--
(i) The authorized instructor has given the student flight training in both
directions over the route, including entering and exiting the traffic
patterns, takeoffs, and landings at the airports to be used;
(ii) The authorized instructor who gave the training has endorsed the
student's logbook certifying that the student is proficient to make such
flights;
(iii) The student has current solo flight endorsements in accordance with
Sec. 61.87 of this part; and
(iv) The student has current solo cross-country flight endorsements in
accordance with paragraph (c) of this section; however, for repeated solo
cross-country flights to another airport within 50 nautical miles from which
the flight originated, separate endorsements are not required to be made for
each flight.
(c) Endorsements for solo cross-country flights. Except as specified in
paragraph (b)(2) of this section, a student pilot must have the endorsements
prescribed in this paragraph for each cross-country flight:
(1) Student pilot certificate endorsement. A student pilot must have a solo
cross-country endorsement from the authorized instructor who conducted the
training, and that endorsement must be placed on that person's student pilot
certificate for the specific category of aircraft to be flown.
(2) Logbook endorsement. (i) A student pilot must have a solo cross-country
endorsement from an authorized instructor that is placed in the student
pilot's logbook for the specific make and model of aircraft to be flown.
(ii) For each cross-country flight, the authorized instructor who reviews
the cross-country planning must make an endorsement in the person's logbook
after reviewing that person's cross-country planning, as specified in
paragraph (d) of this section. The endorsement must--
(A) Specify the make and model of aircraft to be flown;
(B) State that the student's preflight planning and preparation is correct
and that the student is prepared to make the flight safely under the known
conditions; and
(C) State that any limitations required by the student's authorized
instructor are met.
(d) Limitations on authorized instructors to permit solo cross-country
flights. An authorized instructor may not permit a student pilot to conduct a
solo cross-country flight unless that instructor has:
(1) Determined that the student's cross-country planning is correct for the
flight;
(2) Reviewed the current and forecast weather conditions and has determined
that the flight can be completed under VFR;
(3) Determined that the student is proficient to conduct the flight safely;
(4) Determined that the student has the appropriate solo cross-country
endorsement for the make and model of aircraft to be flown; and
(5) Determined that the student's solo flight endorsement is current for
the make and model aircraft to be flown.
(e) Maneuvers and procedures for cross-country flight training in a single-
engine airplane. A student pilot who is receiving training for cross-country
flight in a single-engine airplane must receive and log flight training in
the following maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation using pilotage and dead
reckoning with the aid of a magnetic compass;
(2) Use of aircraft performance charts pertaining to cross-country flight;
(3) Procurement and analysis of aeronautical weather reports and forecasts,
including recognition of critical weather situations and estimating
visibility while in flight;
(4) Emergency procedures;
(5) Traffic pattern procedures that include area departure, area arrival,
entry into the traffic pattern, and approach;
(6) Procedures and operating practices for collision avoidance, wake
turbulence precautions, and windshear avoidance;
(7) Recognition, avoidance, and operational restrictions of hazardous
terrain features in the geographical area where the cross-country flight will
be flown;
(8) Procedures for operating the instruments and equipment installed in the
aircraft to be flown, including recognition and use of the proper operational
procedures and indications;
(9) Use of radios for VFR navigation and two-way communications;
(10) Takeoff, approach, and landing procedures, including short-field,
soft-field, and crosswind takeoffs, approaches, and landings;
(11) Climbs at best angle and best rate; and
(12) Control and maneuvering solely by reference to flight instruments,
including straight and level flight, turns, descents, climbs, use of radio
aids, and ATC directives.
(f) Maneuvers and procedures for cross-country flight training in a
multiengine airplane. A student pilot who is receiving training for cross-
country flight in a multiengine airplane must receive and log flight training
in the following maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation using pilotage and dead
reckoning with the aid of a magnetic compass;
(2) Use of aircraft performance charts pertaining to cross-country flight;
(3) Procurement and analysis of aeronautical weather reports and forecasts,
including recognition of critical weather situations and estimating
visibility while in flight;
(4) Emergency procedures;
(5) Traffic pattern procedures that include area departure, area arrival,
entry into the traffic pattern, and approach;
(6) Procedures and operating practices for collision avoidance, wake
turbulence precautions, and windshear avoidance;
(7) Recognition, avoidance, and operational restrictions of hazardous
terrain features in the geographical area where the cross-country flight will
be flown;
(8) Procedures for operating the instruments and equipment installed in the
aircraft to be flown, including recognition and use of the proper operational
procedures and indications;
(9) Use of radios for VFR navigation and two-way communications;
(10) Takeoff, approach, and landing procedures, including short-field,
soft-field, and crosswind takeoffs, approaches, and landings;
(11) Climbs at best angle and best rate; and
(12) Control and maneuvering solely by reference to flight instruments,
including straight and level flight, turns, descents, climbs, use of radio
aids, and ATC directives.
(g) Maneuvers and procedures for cross-country flight training in a
helicopter. A student pilot who is receiving training for cross-country
flight in a helicopter must receive and log flight training for the following
maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation using pilotage and dead
reckoning with the aid of a magnetic compass;
(2) Use of aircraft performance charts pertaining to cross-country flight;
(3) Procurement and analysis of aeronautical weather reports and forecasts,
including recognition of critical weather situations and estimating
visibility while in flight;
(4) Emergency procedures;
(5) Traffic pattern procedures that include area departure, area arrival,
entry into the traffic pattern, and approach;
(6) Procedures and operating practices for collision avoidance, wake
turbulence precautions, and windshear avoidance;
(7) Recognition, avoidance, and operational restrictions of hazardous
terrain features in the geographical area where the cross-country flight will
be flown;
(8) Procedures for operating the instruments and equipment installed in the
aircraft to be flown, including recognition and use of the proper operational
procedures and indications;
(9) Use of radios for VFR navigation and two-way communications; and
(10) Takeoff, approach, and landing procedures.
(h) Maneuvers and procedures for cross-country flight training in a
gyroplane. A student pilot who is receiving training for cross-country flight
in a gyroplane must receive and log flight training in the following
maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation using pilotage and dead
reckoning with the aid of a magnetic compass;
(2) Use of aircraft performance charts pertaining to cross-country flight;
(3) Procurement and analysis of aeronautical weather reports and forecasts,
including recognition of critical weather situations and estimating
visibility while in flight;
(4) Emergency procedures;
(5) Traffic pattern procedures that include area departure, area arrival,
entry into the traffic pattern, and approach;
(6) Procedures and operating practices for collision avoidance, wake
turbulence precautions, and windshear avoidance;
(7) Recognition, avoidance, and operational restrictions of hazardous
terrain features in the geographical area where the cross-country flight will
be flown;
(8) Procedures for operating the instruments and equipment installed in the
aircraft to be flown, including recognition and use of the proper operational
procedures and indications;
(9) Use of radios for VFR navigation and two-way communications; and
(10) Takeoff, approach, and landing procedures, including short-field and
soft-field takeoffs, approaches, and landings.
(i) Maneuvers and procedures for cross-country flight training in a
powered-lift. A student pilot who is receiving training for cross-country
flight training in a powered-lift must receive and log flight training in the
following maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation using pilotage and dead
reckoning with the aid of a magnetic compass;
(2) Use of aircraft performance charts pertaining to cross-country flight;
(3) Procurement and analysis of aeronautical weather reports and forecasts,
including recognition of critical weather situations and estimating
visibility while in flight;
(4) Emergency procedures;
(5) Traffic pattern procedures that include area departure, area arrival,
entry into the traffic pattern, and approach;
(6) Procedures and operating practices for collision avoidance, wake
turbulence precautions, and windshear avoidance;
(7) Recognition, avoidance, and operational restrictions of hazardous
terrain features in the geographical area where the cross-country flight will
be flown;
(8) Procedures for operating the instruments and equipment installed in the
aircraft to be flown, including recognition and use of the proper operational
procedures and indications;
(9) Use of radios for VFR navigation and two-way communications;
(10) Takeoff, approach, and landing procedures that include high-altitude,
steep, and shallow takeoffs, approaches, and landings; and
(11) Control and maneuvering solely by reference to flight instruments,
including straight and level flight, turns, descents, climbs, use of radio
aids, and ATC directives.
(j) Maneuvers and procedures for cross-country flight training in a glider.
A student pilot who is receiving training for cross-country flight in a
glider must receive and log flight training in the following maneuvers and
procedures:
(1) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation using pilotage and dead
reckoning with the aid of a magnetic compass;
(2) Use of aircraft performance charts pertaining to cross-country flight;
(3) Procurement and analysis of aeronautical weather reports and forecasts,
including recognition of critical weather situations and estimating
visibility while in flight;
(4) Emergency procedures;
(5) Traffic pattern procedures that include area departure, area arrival,
entry into the traffic pattern, and approach;
(6) Procedures and operating practices for collision avoidance, wake
turbulence precautions, and windshear avoidance;
(7) Recognition, avoidance, and operational restrictions of hazardous
terrain features in the geographical area where the cross-country flight will
be flown;
(8) Procedures for operating the instruments and equipment installed in the
aircraft to be flown, including recognition and use of the proper operational
procedures and indications;
(9) Landings accomplished without the use of the altimeter from at least
2,000 feet above the surface; and
(10) Recognition of weather and upper air conditions favorable for cross-
country soaring, ascending and descending flight, and altitude control.
(k) Maneuvers and procedures for cross-country flight training in an
airship. A student pilot who is receiving training for cross-country flight
in an airship must receive and log flight training for the following
maneuvers and procedures:
(1) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation using pilotage and dead
reckoning with the aid of a magnetic compass;
(2) Use of aircraft performance charts pertaining to cross-country flight;
(3) Procurement and analysis of aeronautical weather reports and forecasts,
including recognition of critical weather situations and estimating
visibility while in flight;
(4) Emergency procedures;
(5) Traffic pattern procedures that include area departure, area arrival,
entry into the traffic pattern, and approach;
(6) Procedures and operating practices for collision avoidance, wake
turbulence precautions, and windshear avoidance;
(7) Recognition, avoidance, and operational restrictions of hazardous
terrain features in the geographical area where the cross-country flight will
be flown;
(8) Procedures for operating the instruments and equipment installed in the
aircraft to be flown, including recognition and use of the proper operational
procedures and indications;
(9) Use of radios for VFR navigation and two-way communications;
(10) Control of air pressure with regard to ascending and descending flight
and altitude control;
(11) Control of the airship solely by reference to flight instruments; and
(12) Recognition of weather and upper air conditions conducive for the
direction of cross-country flight.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40902, July 30,
1997]




Sec. 61.95   Operations in Class B airspace and at airports located within
Class B airspace.

(a) A student pilot may not operate an aircraft on a solo flight in Class B
airspace unless:
(1) The student pilot has received both ground and flight training from an
authorized instructor on that Class B airspace area, and the flight training
was received in the specific Class B airspace area for which solo flight is
authorized;
(2) The logbook of that student pilot has been endorsed by the authorized
instructor who gave the student pilot flight training, and the endorsement is
dated within the 90-day period preceding the date of the flight in that Class
B airspace area; and
(3) The logbook endorsement specifies that the student pilot has received
the required ground and flight training, and has been found proficient to
conduct solo flight in that specific Class B airspace area.
(b) A student pilot may not operate an aircraft on a solo flight to, from,
or at an airport located within Class B airspace pursuant to Sec. 91.131(b)
of this chapter unless:
(1) The student pilot has received both ground and flight training from an
instructor authorized to provide training to operate at that airport, and the
flight and ground training has been received at the specific airport for
which the solo flight is authorized;
(2) The logbook of that student pilot has been endorsed by an authorized
instructor who gave the student pilot flight training, and the endorsement is
dated within the 90-day period preceding the date of the flight at that
airport; and
(3) The logbook endorsement specifies that the student pilot has received
the required ground and flight training, and has been found proficient to
conduct solo flight operations at that specific airport.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40902, July 30,
1997]




                    Subpart D--Recreational Pilots


Sec. 61.96   Applicability and eligibility requirements: General.

(a) This subpart prescribes the requirement for the issuance of
recreational pilot certificates and ratings, the conditions under which those
certificates and ratings are necessary, and the general operating rules for
persons who hold those certificates and ratings.
(b) To be eligible for a recreational pilot certificate, a person who
applies for that certificate must:
(1) Be at least 17 years of age;
(2) Be able to read, speak, write, and understand the English language. If
the applicant is unable to meet one of these requirements due to medical
reasons, then the Administrator may place such operating limitations on that
applicant's pilot certificate as are necessary for the safe operation of the
aircraft;
(3) Receive a logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor who--
(i) Conducted the training or reviewed the applicant's home study on the
aeronautical knowledge areas listed in Sec. 61.97(b) of this part that apply
to the aircraft category and class rating sought; and
(ii) Certified that the applicant is prepared for the required knowledge
test.
(4) Pass the required knowledge test on the aeronautical knowledge areas
listed in Sec. 61.97(b) of this part;
(5) Receive flight training and a logbook endorsement from an authorized
instructor who--
(i) Conducted the training on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.98(b) of this part that apply to the aircraft category and class rating
sought; and
(ii) Certified that the applicant is prepared for the required practical
test.
(6) Meet the aeronautical experience requirements of Sec. 61.99 of this
part that apply to the aircraft category and class rating sought before
applying for the practical test;
(7) Pass the required practical test on the areas of operation listed in
Sec. 61.98(b) of this part that apply to the aircraft category and class
rating sought; and
(8) Comply with the sections of this part that apply to the aircraft
category and class rating sought.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40902, July 30,
1997]




Sec. 61.97   Aeronautical knowledge.

(a) General. A person who applies for a recreational pilot certificate must
receive and log ground training from an authorized instructor or complete a
home-study course on the aeronautical knowledge areas of paragraph (b) of
this section that apply to the aircraft category and class rating sought.
(b) Aeronautical knowledge areas. (1) Applicable Federal Aviation
Regulations of this chapter that relate to recreational pilot privileges,
limitations, and flight operations;
(2) Accident reporting requirements of the National Transportation Safety
Board;
(3) Use of the applicable portions of the "Aeronautical Information Manual"
and FAA advisory circulars;
(4) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation using pilotage with the
aid of a magnetic compass;
(5) Recognition of critical weather situations from the ground and in
flight, windshear avoidance, and the procurement and use of aeronautical
weather reports and forecasts;
(6) Safe and efficient operation of aircraft, including collision
avoidance, and recognition and avoidance of wake turbulence;
(7) Effects of density altitude on takeoff and climb performance;
(8) Weight and balance computations;
(9) Principles of aerodynamics, powerplants, and aircraft systems;
(10) Stall awareness, spin entry, spins, and spin recovery techniques, if
applying for an airplane single-engine rating;
(11) Aeronautical decision making and judgment; and
(12) Preflight action that includes--
(i) How to obtain information on runway lengths at airports of intended
use, data on takeoff and landing distances, weather reports and forecasts,
and fuel requirements; and
(ii) How to plan for alternatives if the planned flight cannot be completed
or delays are encountered.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40902, July 30,
1997]



Sec. 61.98   Flight proficiency.

(a) General. A person who applies for a recreational pilot certificate must
receive and log ground and flight training from an authorized instructor on
the areas of operation of this section that apply to the aircraft category
and class rating sought.
(b) Areas of operation. (1) For a single-engine airplane rating: (i)
Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport operations;
(iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(v) Performance maneuvers;
(vi) Ground reference maneuvers;
(vii) Navigation;
(viii) Slow flight and stalls;
(ix) Emergency operations; and
(x) Postflight procedures.
(2) For a helicopter rating: (i) Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport and heliport operations;
(iv) Hovering maneuvers;
(v) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(vi) Performance maneuvers;
(vii) Ground reference maneuvers;
(viii) Navigation;
(ix) Emergency operations; and
(x) Postflight procedures.
(3) For a gyroplane rating: (i) Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport operations;
(iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(v) Performance maneuvers;
(vi) Ground reference maneuvers;
(vii) Navigation;
(viii) Flight at slow airspeeds;
(ix) Emergency operations; and
(x) Postflight procedures.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40902, July 30,
1997]




Sec. 61.99   Aeronautical experience.

A person who applies for a recreational pilot certificate must receive and
log at least 30 hours of flight training time that includes at least:
(a) 15 hours of flight training from an authorized instructor on the areas
of operation listed in Sec. 61.98 of this part that consists of at least:
(1) Except as provided in Sec. 61.100 of this part, 2 hours of flight
training en route to an airport that is located more than 25 nautical miles
from the airport where the applicant normally trains, which includes at least
three takeoffs and three landings at the airport located more than 25
nautical miles from the airport where the applicant normally trains; and
(2) 3 hours of flight training in the aircraft for the rating sought in
preparation for the practical test within the 60 days preceding the date of
the practical test.
(b) 3 hours of solo flying in the aircraft for the rating sought, on the
areas of operation listed in Sec. 61.98 of this part that apply to the
aircraft category and class rating sought.



Sec. 61.100   Pilots based on small islands.

(a) An applicant located on an island from which the flight training
required in Sec. 61.99(a)(1) of this part cannot be accomplished without
flying over water for more than 10 nautical miles from the nearest shoreline
need not comply with the requirements of that section. However, if other
airports that permit civil operations are available to which a flight may be
made without flying over water for more than 10 nautical miles from the
nearest shoreline, the applicant must show completion of a dual flight
between two airports, which must include three landings at the other airport.
(b) An applicant who complies with paragraph (a) of this section and meets
all requirements for the issuance of a recreational pilot certificate, except
the requirements of Sec. 61.99(a)(1) of this part, will be issued a pilot
certificate with an endorsement containing the following limitation,
"Passenger carrying prohibited on flights more than 10 nautical miles from
(the appropriate island)." The limitation may be subsequently amended to
include another island if the applicant complies with the requirements of
paragraph (a) of this section for another island.
(c) Upon meeting the requirements of Sec. 61.99(a)(1) of this part, the
applicant may have the limitation(s) in paragraph (b) of this section
removed.




Sec. 61.101   Recreational pilot privileges and limitations.

(a) A person who holds a recreational pilot certificate may:
(1) Carry no more than one passenger; and
(2) Not pay less than the pro rata share of the operating expenses of a
flight with a passenger, provided the expenses involve only fuel, oil,
airport expenses, or aircraft rental fees.
(b) A person who holds a recreational pilot certificate may act as pilot in
command of an aircraft on a flight that is within 50 nautical miles from the
departure airport, provided that person has:
(1) Received ground and flight training for takeoff, departure, arrival,
and landing procedures at the departure airport;
(2) Received ground and flight training for the area, terrain, and aids to
navigation that are in the vicinity of the departure airport;
(3) Been found proficient to operate the aircraft at the departure airport
and the area within 50 nautical miles from that airport; and
(4) Received from an authorized instructor a logbook endorsement, which is
carried in the person's possession in the aircraft, that permits flight
within 50 nautical miles from the departure airport.
(c) A person who holds a recreational pilot certificate may act as pilot in
command of an aircraft on a flight that exceeds 50 nautical miles from the
departure airport, provided that person has:
(1) Received ground and flight training from an authorized instructor on
the cross-country training requirements of subpart E of this part that apply
to the aircraft rating held;
(2) Been found proficient in cross-country flying; and
(3) Received from an authorized instructor a logbook endorsement, which is
carried on the person's possession in the aircraft, that certifies the person
has received and been found proficient in the cross-country training
requirements of subpart E of this part that apply to the aircraft rating
held.
(d) Except as provided in paragraph (h) of this section, a recreational
pilot may not act as pilot in command of an aircraft:
(1) That is certificated for more than four occupants, with more than one
powerplant, with a powerplant of more than 180 horsepower, or with
retractable landing gear.
(2) That is classified as a multiengine airplane, powered-lift, glider,
airship, or balloon;
(3) That is carrying a passenger or property for compensation or hire;
(4) For compensation or hire;
(5) In furtherance of a business;
(6) Between sunset and sunrise;
(7) In airspace in which communication with air traffic control is
required;
(8) At an altitude of more than 10,000 feet MSL or 2,000 feet AGL,
whichever is higher;
(9) When the flight or surface visibility is less than 3 statute miles;
(10) Without visual reference to the surface;
(11) On a flight outside the United States;
(12) To demonstrate that aircraft in flight to a prospective buyer;
(13) That is used in a passenger-carrying airlift and sponsored by a
charitable organization; and
(14) That is towing any object.
(e) A recreational pilot may not act as a pilot flight crewmember on any
aircraft for which more than one pilot is required by the type certificate of
the aircraft or the regulations under which the flight is conducted, except
when:
(1) Receiving flight training from a person authorized to provide flight
training on board an airship; and
(2) No person other than a required flight crewmember is carried on the
aircraft.
(f) A person who holds a recreational pilot certificate, has logged fewer
than 400 flight hours, and has not logged pilot-in-command time in an
aircraft within the 180 days preceding the flight shall not act as pilot in
command of an aircraft until the pilot receives flight training and a logbook
endorsement from an authorized instructor, and the instructor certifies that
the person is proficient to act as pilot in command of the aircraft. This
requirement can be met in combination with the requirements of Secs. 61.56
and 61.57 of this part, at the discretion of the authorized instructor.
(g) A recreational pilot certificate issued under this subpart carries the
notation, "Holder does not meet ICAO requirements."
(h) For the purpose of obtaining additional certificates or ratings while
under the supervision of an authorized instructor, a recreational pilot may
fly as the sole occupant of an aircraft:
(1) For which the pilot does not hold an appropriate category or class
rating;
(2) Within airspace that requires communication with air traffic control;
or
(3) Between sunset and sunrise, provided the flight or surface visibility
is at least 5 statute miles.
(i) In order to fly solo as provided in paragraph (h) of this section, the
recreational pilot must meet the appropriate aeronautical knowledge and
flight training requirements of Sec. 61.87 for that aircraft. When operating
an aircraft under the conditions specified in paragraph (h) of this section,
the recreational pilot shall carry the logbook that has been endorsed for
each flight by an authorized instructor who:
(1) Has given the recreational pilot training in the make and model of
aircraft in which the solo flight is to be made;
(2) Has found that the recreational pilot has met the applicable
requirements of Sec. 61.87; and
(3) Has found that the recreational pilot is competent to make solo flights
in accordance with the logbook endorsement.




                      Subpart E--Private Pilots


Sec. 61.102   Applicability.

This subpart prescribes the requirements for the issuance of private pilot
certificates and ratings, the conditions under which those certificates and
ratings are necessary, and the general operating rules for persons who hold
those certificates and ratings.



Sec. 61.103   Eligibility requirements: General.

To be eligible for a private pilot certificate, a person must:
(a) Be at least 17 years of age for a rating in other than a glider or
balloon.
(b) Be at least 16 years of age for a rating in a glider or balloon.
(c) Be able to read, speak, write, and understand the English language. If
the applicant is unable to meet one of these requirements due to medical
reasons, then the Administrator may place such operating limitations on that
applicant's pilot certificate as are necessary for the safe operation of the
aircraft.
(d) Receive a logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor who:
(1) Conducted the training or reviewed the person's home study on the
aeronautical knowledge areas listed in Sec. 61.105(b) of this part that apply
to the aircraft rating sought; and
(2) Certified that the person is prepared for the required knowledge test.
(e) Pass the required knowledge test on the aeronautical knowledge areas
listed in Sec. 61.105(b) of this part.
(f) Receive flight training and a logbook endorsement from an authorized
instructor who:
(1) Conducted the training in the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.107(b) of this part that apply to the aircraft rating sought; and
(2) Certified that the person is prepared for the required practical test.
(g) Meet the aeronautical experience requirements of this part that apply
to the aircraft rating sought before applying for the practical test.
(h) Pass a practical test on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.107(b) of this part that apply to the aircraft rating sought.
(i) Comply with the appropriate sections of this part that apply to the
aircraft category and class rating sought.




Sec. 61.105   Aeronautical knowledge.

(a) General. A person who is applying for a private pilot certificate must
receive and log ground training from an authorized instructor or complete a
home-study course on the aeronautical knowledge areas of paragraph (b) of
this section that apply to the aircraft category and class rating sought.
(b) Aeronautical knowledge areas. (1) Applicable Federal Aviation
Regulations of this chapter that relate to private pilot privileges,
limitations, and flight operations;
(2) Accident reporting requirements of the National Transportation Safety
Board;
(3) Use of the applicable portions of the "Aeronautical Information Manual"
and FAA advisory circulars;
(4) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation using pilotage, dead
reckoning, and navigation systems;
(5) Radio communication procedures;
(6) Recognition of critical weather situations from the ground and in
flight, windshear avoidance, and the procurement and use of aeronautical
weather reports and forecasts;
(7) Safe and efficient operation of aircraft, including collision
avoidance, and recognition and avoidance of wake turbulence;
(8) Effects of density altitude on takeoff and climb performance;
(9) Weight and balance computations;
(10) Principles of aerodynamics, powerplants, and aircraft systems;
(11) Stall awareness, spin entry, spins, and spin recovery techniques for
the airplane and glider category ratings;
(12) Aeronautical decision making and judgment; and
(13) Preflight action that includes--
(i) How to obtain information on runway lengths at airports of intended
use, data on takeoff and landing distances, weather reports and forecasts,
and fuel requirements; and
(ii) How to plan for alternatives if the planned flight cannot be completed
or delays are encountered.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40902, July 30,
1997]





Sec. 61.107   Flight proficiency.

(a) General. A person who applies for a private pilot certificate must
receive and log ground and flight training from an authorized instructor on
the areas of operation of this section that apply to the aircraft category
and class rating sought.
(b) Areas of operation. (1) For an airplane category rating with a single-
engine class rating: (i) Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport and seaplane base operations;
(iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(v) Performance maneuvers;
(vi) Ground reference maneuvers;
(vii) Navigation;
(viii) Slow flight and stalls;
(ix) Basic instrument maneuvers;
(x) Emergency operations;
(xi) Night operations, except as provided in Sec. 61.110 of this part; and
(xii) Postflight procedures.
(2) For an airplane category rating with a multiengine class rating: (i)
Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport and seaplane base operations;
(iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(v) Performance maneuvers;
(vi) Ground reference maneuvers;
(vii) Navigation;
(viii) Slow flight and stalls;
(ix) Basic instrument maneuvers;
(x) Emergency operations;
(xi) Multiengine operations;
(xii) Night operations, except as provided in Sec. 61.110 of this part; and
(xiii) Postflight procedures.
(3) For a rotorcraft category rating with a helicopter class rating: (i)
Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport and heliport operations;
(iv) Hovering maneuvers;
(v) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(vi) Performance maneuvers;
(vii) Navigation;
(viii) Emergency operations;
(ix) Night operations, except as provided in Sec. 61.110 of this part; and
(x) Postflight procedures.
(4) For a rotorcraft category rating with a gyroplane class rating: (i)
Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport operations;
(iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(v) Performance maneuvers;
(vi) Ground reference maneuvers;
(vii) Navigation;
(viii) Flight at slow airspeeds;
(ix) Emergency operations;
(x) Night operations, except as provided in Sec. 61.110 of this part; and
(xi) Postflight procedures.
(5) For a powered-lift category rating: (i) Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport and heliport operations;
(iv) Hovering maneuvers;
(v) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(vi) Performance maneuvers;
(vii) Ground reference maneuvers;
(viii) Navigation;
(ix) Slow flight and stalls;
(x) Basic instrument maneuvers;
(xi) Emergency operations;
(xii) Night operations, except as provided in Sec. 61.110 of this part; and
(xiii) Postflight procedures.
(6) For a glider category rating: (i) Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport and gliderport operations;
(iv) Launches and landings;
(v) Performance speeds;
(vi) Soaring techniques;
(vii) Performance maneuvers;
(viii) Navigation;
(ix) Slow flight and stalls;
(x) Emergency operations; and
(xi) Postflight procedures.
(7) For a lighter-than-air category rating with an airship class rating:
(i) Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport operations;
(iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(v) Performance maneuvers;
(vi) Ground reference maneuvers;
(vii) Navigation;
(viii) Emergency operations; and
(ix) Postflight procedures.
(8) For a lighter-than-air category rating with a balloon class rating: (i)
Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport operations;
(iv) Launches and landings;
(v) Performance maneuvers;
(vi) Navigation;
(vii) Emergency operations; and
(viii) Postflight procedures.




Sec. 61.109   Aeronautical experience.

(a) For an airplane single-engine rating. Except as provided in paragraph
(i) of this section, a person who applies for a private pilot certificate
with an airplane category and single-engine class rating must log at least 40
hours of flight time that includes at least 20 hours of flight training from
an authorized instructor and 10 hours of solo flight training in the areas of
operation listed in Sec. 61.107(b)(1) of this part, and the training must
include at least--
(1) 3 hours of cross-country flight training in a single-engine airplane;
(2) Except as provided in Sec. 61.110 of this part, 3 hours of night flight
training in a single-engine airplane that includes--
(i) One cross-country flight of over 100 nautical miles total distance; and
(ii) 10 takeoffs and 10 landings to a full stop (with each landing
involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport.
(3) 3 hours of flight training in a single-engine airplane on the control
and maneuvering of an airplane solely by reference to instruments, including
straight and level flight, constant airspeed climbs and descents, turns to a
heading, recovery from unusual flight attitudes, radio communications, and
the use of navigation systems/facilities and radar services appropriate to
instrument flight;
(4) 3 hours of flight training in preparation for the practical test in a
single-engine airplane, which must have been performed within 60 days
preceding the date of the test; and
(5) 10 hours of solo flight time in a single-engine airplane, consisting of
at least--
(i) 5 hours of solo cross-country time;
(ii) One solo cross-country flight of at least 150 nautical miles total
distance, with full-stop landings at a minimum of three points, and one
segment of the flight consisting of a straight-line distance of at least 50
nautical miles between the takeoff and landing locations; and
(iii) Three takeoffs and three landings to a full stop (with each landing
involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport with an operating
control tower.
(b) For an airplane multiengine rating. Except as provided in paragraph (i)
of this section, a person who applies for a private pilot certificate with an
airplane category and multiengine class rating must log at least 40 hours of
flight time that includes at least 20 hours of flight training from an
authorized instructor and 10 hours of solo flight training in the areas of
operation listed in Sec. 61.107(b)(2) of this part, and the training must
include at least--
(1) 3 hours of cross-country flight training in a multiengine airplane;
(2) Except as provided in Sec. 61.110 of this part, 3 hours of night flight
training in a multiengine airplane that includes--
(i) One cross-country flight of over 100 nautical miles total distance; and
(ii) 10 takeoffs and 10 landings to a full stop (with each landing
involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport.
(3) 3 hours of flight training in a multiengine airplane on the control and
maneuvering of an airplane solely by reference to instruments, including
straight and level flight, constant airspeed climbs and descents, turns to a
heading, recovery from unusual flight attitudes, radio communications, and
the use of navigation systems/facilities and radar services appropriate to
instrument flight;
(4) 3 hours of flight training in preparation for the practical test in a
multiengine airplane, which must have been performed within the 60-day period
preceding the date of the test; and
(5) 10 hours of solo flight time in an airplane consisting of at least--
(i) 5 hours of solo cross-country time;
(ii) One solo cross-country flight of at least 150 nautical miles total
distance, with full-stop landings at a minimum of three points, and one
segment of the flight consisting of a straight-line distance of at least 50
nautical miles between the takeoff and landing locations; and
(iii) Three takeoffs and three landings to a full stop (with each landing
involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport with an operating
control tower.
(c) For a helicopter rating. Except as provided in paragraph (i) of this
section, a person who applies for a private pilot certificate with rotorcraft
category and helicopter class rating must log at least 40 hours of flight
time that includes at least 20 hours of flight training from an authorized
instructor and 10 hours of solo flight training in the areas of operation
listed in Sec. 61.107(b)(3) of this part, and the training must include at
least--
(1) 3 hours of cross-country flight training in a helicopter;
(2) Except as provided in Sec. 61.110 of this part, 3 hours of night flight
training in a helicopter that includes--
(i) One cross-country flight of over 50 nautical miles total distance; and
(ii) 10 takeoffs and 10 landings to a full stop (with each landing
involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport.
(3) 3 hours of flight training in preparation for the practical test in a
helicopter, which must have been performed within 60 days preceding the date
of the test; and
(4) 10 hours of solo flight time in a helicopter, consisting of at least--
(i) 3 hours cross-country time;
(ii) One solo cross-country flight of at least 75 nautical miles total
distance, with landings at a minimum of three points, and one segment of the
flight being a straight-line distance of at least 25 nautical miles between
the takeoff and landing locations; and
(iii) Three takeoffs and three landings to a full stop (with each landing
involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport with an operating
control tower.
(d) For a gyroplane rating. Except as provided in paragraph (i) of this
section, a person who applies for a private pilot certificate with rotorcraft
category and gyroplane class rating must log at least 40 hours of flight time
that includes at least 20 hours of flight training from an authorized
instructor and 10 hours of solo flight training in the areas of operation
listed in Sec. 61.107(b)(4) of this part, and the training must include at
least--
(1) 3 hours of cross-country flight training in a gyroplane;
(2) Except as provided in Sec. 61.110 of this part, 3 hours of night flight
training in a gyroplane that includes--
(i) One cross-country flight of over 50 nautical miles total distance; and
(ii) 10 takeoffs and 10 landings to a full stop (with each landing
involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport.
(3) 3 hours of flight training in preparation for the practical test in a
gyroplane, which must have been performed within the 60-day period preceding
the date of the test; and
(4) 10 hours of solo flight time in a gyroplane, consisting of at least--
(i) 3 hours of cross-country time;
(ii) One solo cross-country flight of over 75 nautical miles total
distance, with landings at a minimum of three points, and one segment of the
flight being a straight-line distance of at least 25 nautical miles between
the takeoff and landing locations; and
(iii) Three takeoffs and three landings to a full stop (with each landing
involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport with an operating
control tower.
(e) For a powered-lift rating. Except as provided in paragraph (i) of this
section, a person who applies for a private pilot certificate with a powered-
lift category rating must log at least 40 hours of flight time that includes
at least 20 hours of flight training from an authorized instructor and 10
hours of solo flight training in the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.107(b)(5) of this part, and the training must include at least--
(1) 3 hours of cross-country flight training in a powered-lift;
(2) Except as provided in Sec. 61.110 of this part, 3 hours of night flight
training in a powered-lift that includes--
(i) One cross-country flight of over 100 nautical miles total distance; and
(ii) 10 takeoffs and 10 landings to a full stop (with each landing
involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport.
(3) 3 hours of flight training in a powered-lift on the control and
maneuvering of a powered-lift solely by reference to instruments, including
straight and level flight, constant airspeed climbs and descents, turns to a
heading, recovery from unusual flight attitudes, radio communications, and
the use of navigation systems/facilities and radar services appropriate to
instrument flight;
(4) 3 hours of flight training in preparation for the practical test in a
powered-lift, which must have been performed within the 60-day period
preceding the date of the test; and
(5) 10 hours of solo flight time in an airplane or powered-lift consisting
of at least--
(i) 5 hours cross-country time;
(ii) One cross-country flight of at least 150 nautical miles total
distance, with landings at a minimum of three points, and one segment of the
flight being a straight-line distance of at least 50 nautical miles between
the takeoff and landing locations; and
(iii) Three takeoffs and three landings to a full stop (with each landing
involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport with an operating
control tower.
(f) For a glider category rating. (1) If the applicant for a private pilot
certificate with a glider category rating has not logged at least 40 hours of
flight time as a pilot in a heavier-than-air aircraft, the applicant must log
at least 10 hours of flight time in a glider in the areas of operation listed
in Sec. 61.107(b)(6) of this part, and that flight time must include at
least--
(i) 20 flights in a glider in the areas of operations listed in Sec.
61.107(b)(6) of this part, including at least 3 training flights in a glider
with an authorized instructor in preparation for the practical test that must
have been performed within the 60-day period preceding the date of the test;
and
(ii) 2 hours of solo flight time in a glider in the areas of operation
listed in Sec. 61.107(b)(6) of this part, with not less than 10 launches and
landings being performed.
(2) If the applicant has logged at least 40 hours of flight time in a
heavier-than-air aircraft, the applicant must log at least 3 hours of flight
time in a glider in the areas of operation listed in Sec. 61.107(b)(6) of
this part, and that flight time must include at least--
(i) 10 solo flights in a glider in the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.107(b)(6) of this part; and
(ii) 3 training flights in a glider with an authorized instructor in
preparation for the practical test that must have been performed within the
60-day period preceding the date of the test.
(g) For an airship rating. A person who applies for a private pilot
certificate with a lighter-than-air category and airship class rating must
log at least:
(1) 25 hours of flight training in airships on the areas of operation
listed in Sec. 61.107(b)(7) of this part, which consists of at least:
(i) 3 hours of cross-country flight training in an airship;
(ii) Except as provided in Sec. 61.110 of this part, 3 hours of night
flight training in an airship that includes:
(A) A cross-country flight of over 25 nautical miles total distance; and
(B) Five takeoffs and five landings to a full stop (with each landing
involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport.
(2) 3 hours of flight training in an airship on the control and maneuvering
of an airship solely by reference to instruments, including straight and
level flight, constant airspeed climbs and descents, turns to a heading,
recovery from unusual flight attitudes, radio communications, and the use of
navigation systems/facilities and radar services appropriate to instrument
flight;
(3) 3 hours of flight training in an airship in preparation for the
practical test within the 60 days preceding the date of the test; and
(4) 5 hours performing the duties of pilot in command in an airship with an
authorized instructor.
(h) For a balloon rating. A person who applies for a private pilot
certificate with a lighter-than-air category and balloon class rating must
log at least 10 hours of flight training that includes at least six training
flights with an authorized instructor in the areas of operation listed in
Sec. 61.107(b)(8) of this part, that includes--
(1) Gas balloon. If the training is being performed in a gas balloon, at
least two flights of 2 hours each that consists of--
(i) At least one training flight with an authorized instructor within 60
days prior to application for the rating on the areas of operation for a gas
balloon;
(ii) At least one flight performing the duties of pilot in command in a gas
balloon with an authorized instructor; and
(iii) At least one flight involving a controlled ascent to 3,000 feet above
the launch site.
(2) Balloon with an airborne heater. If the training is being performed in
a balloon with an airborne heater, at least--
(i) Two flights of 1 hour each within 60 days prior to application for the
rating on the areas of operation appropriate to a balloon with an airborne
heater;
(ii) One solo flight in a balloon with an airborne heater; and
(iii) At least one flight involving a controlled ascent to 2,000 feet above
the launch site.
(i) Permitted credit for use of a flight simulator or flight training
device. (1) Except as provided in paragraphs (i)(2) of this section, a
maximum of 2.5 hours of training in a flight simulator or flight training
device representing the category, class, and type, if applicable, of aircraft
appropriate to the rating sought, may be credited toward the flight training
time required by this section, if received from an authorized instructor.
(2) A maximum of 5 hours of training in a flight simulator or flight
training device representing the category, class, and type, if applicable, of
aircraft appropriate to the rating sought, may be credited toward the flight
training time required by this section if the training is accomplished in a
course conducted by a training center certificated under part 142 of this
chapter.
(3) Except when fewer hours are approved by the Administrator, an applicant
for a private pilot certificate with an airplane, rotorcraft, or powered-lift
rating, who has satisfactorily completed an approved private pilot course
conducted by a training center certificated under part 142 of this chapter,
need only have a total of 35 hours of aeronautical experience to meet the
requirements of this section.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40902, July 30,
1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20287, Apr. 23, 1998]




Sec. 61.110   Night flying exceptions.

(a) Subject to the limitations of paragraph (b) of this section, a person
is not required to comply with the night flight training requirements of this
subpart if the person receives flight training in and resides in the State of
Alaska.
(b) A person who receives flight training in and resides in the State of
Alaska but does not meet the night flight training requirements of this
section:
(1) May be issued a pilot certificate with a limitation "Night flying
prohibited;" and
(2) Must comply with the appropriate night flight training requirements of
this subpart within the 12-calendar-month period after the issuance of the
pilot certificate. At the end of that period, the certificate will become
invalid use until the person complies with the appropriate night training
requirements of this subpart. The person may have the "Night flying
prohibited" limitation removed if the person--
(i) Accomplishes the appropriate night flight training requirements of this
subpart; and
(ii) Presents to an examiner a logbook or training record endorsement from
an authorized instructor that verifies accomplishment of the appropriate
night flight training requirements of this subpart.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40904, July 30,
1997]




Sec. 61.111   Cross-country flights: Pilots based on small islands.

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this section, an applicant
located on an island from which the cross-country flight training required in
Sec. 61.109 of this part cannot be accomplished without flying over water for
more than 10 nautical miles from the nearest shoreline need not comply with
the requirements of that section.
(b) If other airports that permit civil operations are available to which a
flight may be made without flying over water for more than 10 nautical miles
from the nearest shoreline, the applicant must show completion of two round-
trip solo flights between those two airports that are farthest apart,
including a landing at each airport on both flights.
(c) An applicant who complies with paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of this
section, and meets all requirements for the issuance of a private pilot
certificate, except the cross-country training requirements of Sec. 61.109 of
this part, will be issued a pilot certificate with an endorsement containing
the following limitation, "Passenger carrying prohibited on flights more than
10 nautical miles from (the appropriate island)." The limitation may be
subsequently amended to include another island if the applicant complies with
the requirements of paragraph (b) of this section for another island.
(d) Upon meeting the cross-country training requirements of Sec. 61.109 of
this part, the applicant may have the limitation in paragraph (c) of this
section removed.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40904, July 30,
1997]




Sec. 61.113   Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.

(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (g) of this section, no
person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of
an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire;
nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
aircraft.
(b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command
of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:
(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
hire.
(c) A private pilot may not pay less than the pro rata share of the
operating expenses of a flight with passengers, provided the expenses involve
only fuel, oil, airport expenditures, or rental fees.
(d) A private pilot may act as pilot in command of an aircraft used in a
passenger-carrying airlift sponsored by a charitable organization described
in paragraph (d)(7) of this section, and for which the passengers make a
donation to the organization, when the following requirements are met:
(1) The sponsor of the airlift notifies the FAA Flight Standards District
Office with jurisdiction over the area concerned at least 7 days before the
event and furnishes--
(i) A signed letter from the sponsor that shows the name of the sponsor,
the purpose of the charitable event, the date and time of the event, and the
location of the event; and
(ii) A photocopy of each pilot in command's pilot certificate, medical
certificate, and logbook entries that show the pilot is current in accordance
with Secs. 61.56 and 61.57 of this part and has logged at least 200 hours of
flight time.
(2) The flight is conducted from a public airport that is adequate for the
aircraft to be used, or from another airport that has been approved by the
FAA for the operation.
(3) No aerobatic or formation flights are conducted.
(4) Each aircraft used for the charitable event holds a standard
airworthiness certificate.
(5) Each aircraft used for the charitable event is airworthy and complies
with the applicable requirements of subpart E of part 91 of this chapter.
(6) Each flight for the charitable event is made during day VFR conditions.
(7) The charitable organization is an organization identified as such by
the U.S. Department of Treasury.
(e) A private pilot may be reimbursed for aircraft operating expenses that
are directly related to search and location operations, provided the expenses
involve only fuel, oil, airport expenditures, or rental fees, and the
operation is sanctioned and under the direction and control of:
(1) A local, State, or Federal agency; or
(2) An organization that conducts search and location operations.
(f) A private pilot who is an aircraft salesman and who has at least 200
hours of logged flight time may demonstrate an aircraft in flight to a
prospective buyer.
(g) A private pilot who meets the requirements of Sec. 61.69 of this part
may act as pilot in command of an aircraft towing a glider.




Sec. 61.115   Balloon rating: Limitations.

(a) If a person who applies for a private pilot certificate with a balloon
rating takes a practical test in a balloon with an airborne heater:
(1) The pilot certificate will contain a limitation restricting the
exercise of the privileges of that certificate to a balloon with an airborne
heater; and
(2) The limitation may be removed when the person obtains the required
aeronautical experience in a gas balloon and receives a logbook endorsement
from an authorized instructor who attests to the person's accomplishment of
the required aeronautical experience and ability to satisfactorily operate a
gas balloon.
(b) If a person who applies for a private pilot certificate with a balloon
rating takes a practical test in a gas balloon:
(1) The pilot certificate will contain a limitation restricting the
exercise of the privilege of that certificate to a gas balloon; and
(2) The limitation may be removed when the person obtains the required
aeronautical experience in a balloon with an airborne heater and receives a
logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor who attests to the person's
accomplishment of the required aeronautical experience and ability to
satisfactorily operate a balloon with an airborne heater.




Sec. 61.117   Private pilot privileges and limitations: Second in command of
aircraft requiring more than one pilot.

Except as provided in Sec. 61.113 of this part, no private pilot may, for
compensation or hire, act as second in command of an aircraft that is type
certificated for more than one pilot, nor may that pilot act as second in
command of such an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for
compensation or hire.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40904, July 30,
1997]



                    Sec. 61.118-61.120 [Reserved]




                     Subpart F--Commercial Pilots



Sec. 61.121   Applicability.

This subpart prescribes the requirements for the issuance of commercial
pilot certificates and ratings, the conditions under which those certificates
and ratings are necessary, and the general operating rules for persons who
hold those certificates and ratings.



Sec. 61.123   Eligibility requirements: General.

To be eligible for a commercial pilot certificate, a person must:
(a) Be at least 18 years of age;
(b) Be able to read, speak, write, and understand the English language. If
the applicant is unable to meet one of these requirements due to medical
reasons, then the Administrator may place such operating limitations on that
applicant's pilot certificate as are necessary for the safe operation of the
aircraft.
(c) Receive a logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor who:
(1) Conducted the required ground training or reviewed the person's home
study on the aeronautical knowledge areas listed in Sec. 61.125 of this part
that apply to the aircraft category and class rating sought; and
(2) Certified that the person is prepared for the required knowledge test
that applies to the aircraft category and class rating sought.
(d) Pass the required knowledge test on the aeronautical knowledge areas
listed in Sec. 61.125 of this part;
(e) Receive the required training and a logbook endorsement from an
authorized instructor who:
(1) Conducted the training on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.127(b) of this part that apply to the aircraft category and class rating
sought; and
(2) Certified that the person is prepared for the required practical test.
(f) Meet the aeronautical experience requirements of this subpart that
apply to the aircraft category and class rating sought before applying for
the practical test;
(g) Pass the required practical test on the areas of operation listed in
Sec. 61.127(b) of this part that apply to the aircraft category and class
rating sought;
(h) Hold at least a private pilot certificate issued under this part or
meet the requirements of Sec. 61.73; and
(i) Comply with the sections of this part that apply to the aircraft
category and class rating sought.





Sec. 61.125   Aeronautical knowledge.

(a) General. A person who applies for a commercial pilot certificate must
receive and log ground training from an authorized instructor, or complete a
home-study course, on the aeronautical knowledge areas of paragraph (b) of
this section that apply to the aircraft category and class rating sought.
(b) Aeronautical knowledge areas. (1) Applicable Federal Aviation
Regulations of this chapter that relate to commercial pilot privileges,
limitations, and flight operations;
(2) Accident reporting requirements of the National Transportation Safety
Board;
(3) Basic aerodynamics and the principles of flight;
(4) Meteorology to include recognition of critical weather situations,
windshear recognition and avoidance, and the use of aeronautical weather
reports and forecasts;
(5) Safe and efficient operation of aircraft;
(6) Weight and balance computations;
(7) Use of performance charts;
(8) Significance and effects of exceeding aircraft performance limitations;
(9) Use of aeronautical charts and a magnetic compass for pilotage and dead
reckoning;
(10) Use of air navigation facilities;
(11) Aeronautical decision making and judgment;
(12) Principles and functions of aircraft systems;
(13) Maneuvers, procedures, and emergency operations appropriate to the
aircraft;
(14) Night and high-altitude operations;
(15) Procedures for operating within the National Airspace System; and
(16) Procedures for flight and ground training for lighter-than-air
ratings.



Sec. 61.127   Flight proficiency.

(a) General. A person who applies for a commercial pilot certificate must
receive and log ground and flight training from an authorized instructor on
the areas of operation of this section that apply to the aircraft category
and class rating sought.
(b) Areas of operation.  (1) For an airplane category rating with a single-
engine class rating: (i) Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport and seaplane base operations;
(iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(v) Performance maneuvers;
(vi) Ground reference maneuvers;
(vii) Navigation;
(viii) Slow flight and stalls;
(ix) Emergency operations;
(x) High-altitude operations; and
(xi) Postflight procedures.
(2) For an airplane category rating with a multiengine class rating: (i)
Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport and seaplane base operations;
(iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(v) Performance maneuvers;
(vi) Navigation;
(vii) Slow flight and stalls;
(viii) Emergency operations;
(ix) Multiengine operations;
(x) High-altitude operations; and
(xi) Postflight procedures.
(3) For a rotorcraft category rating with a helicopter class rating: (i)
Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport and heliport operations;
(iv) Hovering maneuvers;
(v) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(vi) Performance maneuvers;
(vii) Navigation;
(viii) Emergency operations;
(ix) Special operations; and
(x) Postflight procedures.
(4) For a rotorcraft category rating with a gyroplane class rating: (i)
Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport operations;
(iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(v) Performance maneuvers;
(vi) Navigation;
(vii) Flight at slow airspeeds;
(viii) Emergency operations; and
(ix) Postflight procedures.
(5) For a powered-lift category rating: (i) Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport and heliport operations;
(iv) Hovering maneuvers;
(v) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(vi) Performance maneuvers;
(vii) Ground reference maneuvers;
(viii) Navigation;
(ix) Slow flight and stalls;
(x) Emergency operations;
(xi) High-altitude operations;
(xii) Special operations; and
(xiii) Postflight procedures.
(6) For a glider category rating: (i) Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Airport and gliderport operations;
(iv) Launches and landings;
(v) Performance speeds;
(vi) Soaring techniques;
(vii) Performance maneuvers;
(viii) Navigation;
(ix) Slow flight and stalls;
(x) Emergency operations; and
(xi) Postflight procedures.
(7) For a lighter-than-air category rating with an airship class rating:
(i) Fundamentals of instructing;
(ii) Technical subjects;
(iii) Preflight preparation;
(iv) Preflight lesson on a maneuver to be performed in flight;
(v) Preflight procedures;
(vi) Airport operations;
(vii) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(viii) Performance maneuvers;
(ix) Navigation;
(x) Emergency operations; and
(xi) Postflight procedures.
(8) For a lighter-than-air category rating with a balloon class rating: (i)
Fundamentals of instructing;
(ii) Technical subjects;
(iii) Preflight preparation;
(iv) Preflight lesson on a maneuver to be performed in flight;
(v) Preflight procedures;
(vi) Airport operations;
(vii) Launches and landings;
(viii) Performance maneuvers;
(ix) Navigation;
(x) Emergency operations; and
(xi) Postflight procedures.




Sec. 61.129   Aeronautical experience.

(a) For an airplane single-engine rating. Except as provided in paragraph
(i) of this section, a person who applies for a commercial pilot certificate
with an airplane category and single-engine class rating must log at least
250 hours of flight time as a pilot that consists of at least:
(1) 100 hours in powered aircraft, of which 50 hours must be in airplanes.
(2) 100 hours of pilot-in-command flight time, which includes at least--
(i) 50 hours in airplanes; and
(ii) 50 hours in cross-country flight of which at least 10 hours must be
in airplanes.
(3) 20 hours of training on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.127(b)(1) of this part that includes at least--
(i) 10 hours of instrument training of which at least 5 hours must be in a
single-engine airplane;
(ii) 10 hours of training in an airplane that has a retractable landing
gear, flaps, and a controllable pitch propeller, or is turbine-powered, or
for an applicant seeking a single-engine seaplane rating, 10 hours of
training in a seaplane that has flaps and a controllable pitch propeller;
(iii) One cross-country flight of at least 2 hours in a single-engine
airplane in day VFR conditions, consisting of a total straight-line distance
of more than 100 nautical miles from the original point of departure;
(iv) One cross-country flight of at least 2 hours in a single-engine
airplane in night VFR conditions, consisting of a total straight-line
distance of more than 100 nautical miles from the original point of
departure; and
(v) 3 hours in a single-engine airplane in preparation for the practical
test within the 60-day period preceding the date of the test.
(4) 10 hours of solo flight in a single-engine airplane on the areas of
operation listed in Sec. 61.127(b)(1) of this part, which includes at least--
(i) One cross-country flight of not less than 300 nautical miles total
distance, with landings at a minimum of three points, one of which is a
straight-line distance of at least 250 nautical miles from the original
departure point. However, if this requirement is being met in Hawaii, the
longest segment need only have a straight-line distance of at least 150
nautical miles; and
(ii) 5 hours in night VFR conditions with 10 takeoffs and 10 landings (with
each landing involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport with an
operating control tower.
(b) For an airplane multiengine rating. Except as provided in paragraph (i)
of this section, a person who applies for a commercial pilot certificate with
an airplane category and multiengine class rating must log at least 250 hours
of flight time as a pilot that consists of at least:
(1) 100 hours in powered aircraft, of which 50 hours must be in airplanes.
(2) 100 hours of pilot-in-command flight time, which includes at least--
(i) 50 hours in airplanes; and
(ii) 50 hours in cross-country flight of which at least 10 hours must be
in airplanes.
(3) 20 hours of training on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.127(b)(2) of this part that includes at least--
(i) 10 hours of instrument training of which at least 5 hours must be in a
multiengine airplane;
(ii) 10 hours of training in a multiengine airplane that has a retractable
landing gear, flaps, and controllable pitch propellers, or is turbine-
powered, or for an applicant seeking a multiengine seaplane rating, 10 hours
of training in a multiengine seaplane that has flaps and a controllable pitch
propeller;
(iii) One cross-country flight of at least 2 hours in a multiengine
airplane in day VFR conditions, consisting of a total straight-line distance
of more than 100 nautical miles from the original point of departure;
(iv) One cross-country flight of at least 2 hours in a multiengine airplane
in night VFR conditions, consisting of a total straight-line distance of more
than 100 nautical miles from the original point of departure; and
(v) 3 hours in a multiengine airplane in preparation for the practical test
within the 60-day period preceding the date of the test.
(4) 10 hours of solo flight time in a multiengine airplane or 10 hours of
flight time performing the duties of pilot in command in a multiengine
airplane with an authorized instructor (either of which may be credited
towards the flight time requirement in paragraph (b)(2) of this section), on
the areas of operation listed in Sec. 61.127(b)(2) of this part that includes
at least--
(i) One cross-country flight of not less than 300 nautical miles total
distance with landings at a minimum of three points, one of which is a
straight-line distance of at least 250 nautical miles from the original
departure point. However, if this requirement is being met in Hawaii, the
longest segment need only have a straight-line distance of at least 150
nautical miles; and
(ii) 5 hours in night VFR conditions with 10 takeoffs and 10 landings (with
each landing involving a flight with a traffic pattern) at an airport with an
operating control tower.
(c) For a helicopter rating. Except as provided in paragraph (i) of this
section, a person who applies for a commercial pilot certificate with a
rotorcraft category and helicopter class rating must log at least 150 hours
of flight time as a pilot that consists of at least:
(1) 100 hours in powered aircraft, of which 50 hours must be in
helicopters.
(2) 100 hours of pilot-in-command flight time, which includes at least--
(i) 35 hours in helicopters; and
(ii) 10 hours in cross-country flight in helicopters.
(3) 20 hours of training on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.127(b)(3) of this part that includes at least--
(i) 10 hours of instrument training in an aircraft;
(ii) One cross-country flight of at least 2 hours in a helicopter in day
VFR conditions, consisting of a total straight-line distance of more than 50
nautical miles from the original point of departure;
(iii) One cross-country flight of at least 2 hours in a helicopter in night
VFR conditions, consisting of a total straight-line distance of more than 50
nautical miles from the original point of departure; and
(iv) 3 hours in a helicopter in preparation for the practical test within
the 60-day period preceding the date of the test.
(4) 10 hours of solo flight in a helicopter on the areas of operation
listed in Sec. 61.127(b)(3) of this part, which includes at least--
(i) One cross-country flight with landings at a minimum of three points,
with one segment consisting of a straight-line distance of at least 50
nautical miles from the original point of departure; and
(ii) 5 hours in night VFR conditions with 10 takeoffs and 10 landings (with
each landing involving a flight in the traffic pattern).
(d) For a gyroplane rating. A person who applies for a commercial pilot
certificate with a rotorcraft category and gyroplane class rating must log at
least 150 hours of flight time as a pilot (of which 5 hours may have been
accomplished in a flight simulator or flight training device that is
representative of a gyroplane) that consists of at least:
(1) 100 hours in powered aircraft, of which 25 hours must be in gyroplanes.
(2) 100 hours of pilot-in-command flight time, which includes at least--
(i) 10 hours in gyroplanes; and
(ii) 3 hours in cross-country flight in gyroplanes.
(3) 20 hours of training on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.127(b)(4) of this part that includes at least--
(i) 5 hours of instrument training in an aircraft;
(ii) One cross-country flight of at least 2 hours in a gyroplane in day VFR
conditions, consisting of a total straight-line distance of more than 50
nautical miles from the original point of departure;
(iii) One cross-country flight of at least 2 hours in a gyroplane in night
VFR conditions, consisting of a total straight-line distance of more than 50
nautical miles from the original point of departure; and
(iv) 3 hours in a gyroplane in preparation for the practical test within
the 60-day period preceding the date of the test.
(4) 10 hours of solo flight in a gyroplane on the areas of operation listed
in Sec. 61.127(b)(4) of this part, which includes at least--
(i) One cross-country flight with landings at a minimum of three points,
with one segment consisting of a straight-line distance of at least 50
nautical miles from the original point of departure; and
(ii) 5 hours in night VFR conditions with 10 takeoffs and 10 landings (with
each landing involving a flight in the traffic pattern).
(e) For a powered-lift rating. Except as provided in paragraph (i) of this
section, a, person who applies for a commercial pilot certificate with a
powered-lift category rating must log at least 250 hours of flight time as a
pilot that consists of at least:
(1) 100 hours in powered aircraft, of which 50 hours must be in a powered-
lift.
(2) 100 hours of pilot-in-command flight time, which includes at least--
(i) 50 hours in a powered-lift; and
(ii) 50 hours in cross-country flight of which 10 hours must be in a
powered-lift.
(3) 20 hours of training on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.127(b)(5) of this part that includes at least--
(i) 10 hours of instrument training, of which at least 5 hours must be in a
powered-lift;
(ii) One cross-country flight of at least 2 hours in a powered-lift in day
VFR conditions, consisting of a total straight-line distance of more than 100
nautical miles from the original point of departure;
(iii) One cross-country flight of at least 2 hours in a powered-lift in
night VFR conditions, consisting of a total straight-line distance of more
than 100 nautical miles from the original point of departure; and
(iv) 3 hours in a powered-lift in preparation for the practical test within
the 60-day period preceding the date of the test.
(4) 10 hours of solo flight in a powered-lift on the areas of operation
listed in Sec. 61.127(b)(5) of this part, which includes at least--
(i) One cross-country flight of not less than 300 nautical miles total
distance with landings at a minimum of three points, one of which is a
straight-line distance of at least 250 nautical miles from the original
departure point. However, if this requirement is being met in Hawaii the
longest segment need only have a straight-line distance of at least 150
nautical miles; and
(ii) 5 hours in night VFR conditions with 10 takeoffs and 10 landings (with
each landing involving a flight in the traffic pattern) at an airport with an
operating control tower.
(f) For a glider rating. A person who applies for a commercial pilot
certificate with a glider category rating must log at least--
(1) 25 hours of flight time as a pilot in a glider and that flight time
must include at least 100 flights in a glider as pilot in command, including
at least--
(i) 3 hours of flight training in a glider or 10 training flights in a
glider with an authorized instructor on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.127(b)(6) of this part, including at least 3 training flights in a glider
with an authorized instructor in preparation for the practical test within
the 60-day period preceding the date of the test; and
(ii) 2 hours of solo flight that include not less than 10 solo flights in a
glider on the areas of operation listed in Sec. 61.127(b)(6) of this part; or
(2) 200 hours of flight time as a pilot in heavier-than-air aircraft and at
least 20 flights in a glider as pilot in command, including at least--
(i) 3 hours of flight training in a glider or 10 training flights in a
glider with an authorized instructor on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.127(b)(6) of this part including at least 3 training flights in a glider
with an authorized instructor in preparation for the practical test within
the 60-day period preceding the date of the test; and
(ii) 5 solo flights in a glider on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.127(b)(6) of this part.
(g) For an airship rating. A person who applies for a commercial pilot
certificate with a lighter-than-air category and airship class rating must
log at least 200 hours of flight time as a pilot, which includes at least the
following hours:
(1) 50 hours in airships.
(2) 30 hours of pilot-in-command time in airships, which consists of at
least--
(i) 10 hours of cross-country flight time in airships; and
(ii) 10 hours of night flight time in airships.
(3) 40 hours of instrument time, which consists of at least 20 hours in
flight, of which 10 hours must be in flight in airships.
(4) 20 hours of flight training in airships on the areas of operation
listed in Sec. 61.127(b)(7) of this part, which includes at least--
(i) 3 hours in an airship in preparation for the practical test within the
60-day period preceding the date of the test;
(ii) One cross-country flight of at least 1 hour in duration in an airship
in day VFR conditions, consisting of a total straight-line distance of more
than 25 nautical miles from the original point of departure; and
(iii) One cross-country flight of at least 1 hour in duration in an airship
in night VFR conditions, consisting of a total straight-line distance of more
than 25 nautical miles from the original point of departure.
(5) 10 hours of flight training performing the duties of pilot in command
with an authorized instructor on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.127(b)(7) of this part, which includes at least--
(i) One cross-country flight with landings at a minimum of three points,
with one segment consisting of a straight-line distance of at least 25
nautical miles from the original point of departure; and
(ii) 5 hours in night VFR conditions with 10 takeoffs and 10 landings (with
each landing involving a flight in the traffic pattern).
(h) For a balloon rating. A person who applies for a commercial pilot
certificate with a lighter-than-air category and a balloon class rating must
log at least 35 hours of flight time as a pilot, which includes at least the
following requirements:
(1) 20 hours in balloons;
(2) 10 flights in balloons;
(3) Two flights in balloons as the pilot in command; and
(4) 10 hours of flight training that includes at least 10 training flights
with an authorized instructor in balloons on the areas of operation listed in
Sec. 61.127(b)(8) of this part, which consists of at least--
(i) For a gas balloon--
(A) 2 training flights of 2 hours each with an authorized instructor in a
gas balloon on the areas of operation appropriate to a gas balloon within 60
days prior to application for the rating;
(B) 2 flights performing the duties of pilot in command in a gas balloon
with an authorized instructor on the appropriate areas of operation; and
(C) One flight involving a controlled ascent to 5,000 feet above the launch
site.
(ii) For a balloon with an airborne heater--
(A) 2 training flights of 1 hour each with an authorized instructor in a
balloon with an airborne heater on the areas of operation appropriate to a
balloon with an airborne heater within 60 days prior to application for the
rating;
(B) Two solo flights in a balloon with an airborne heater on the
appropriate areas of operation; and
(C) One flight involving a controlled ascent to 3,000 feet above the launch
site.
(i) Permitted credit for use of a flight simulator or flight training
device. (1) Except as provided in paragraph (i)(2) of this section, an
applicant who has not accomplished the training required by this section in a
course conducted by a training center certificated under part 142 of this
chapter may:
(i) Credit a maximum of 50 hours toward the total aeronautical experience
requirements for an airplane or powered-lift rating, provided the
aeronautical experience was obtained from an authorized instructor in a
flight simulator or flight training device that represents that class of
airplane or powered-lift category and type, if applicable, appropriate to the
rating sought; and
(ii) Credit a maximum of 25 hours toward the total aeronautical experience
requirements of this section for a helicopter rating, provided the
aeronautical experience was obtained from an authorized instructor in a
flight simulator or flight training device that represents a helicopter and
type, if applicable, appropriate to the rating sought.
(2) An applicant who has accomplished the training required by this
section in a course conducted by a training center certificated under part
142 of this chapter may:
(i) Credit a maximum of 100 hours toward the total aeronautical experience
requirements of this section for an airplane and powered-lift rating,
provided the aeronautical experience was obtained from an authorized
instructor in a flight simulator or flight training device that represents
that class of airplane or powered-lift category and type, if applicable,
appropriate to the rating sought; and
(ii) Credit a maximum of 50 hours toward the total aeronautical experience
requirements of this section for a helicopter rating, provided the
aeronautical experience was obtained from an authorized instructor in a
flight simulator or flight training device that represents a helicopter and
type, if applicable, appropriate to the rating sought.
(3) Except when fewer hours are approved by the Administrator an applicant
for a commercial pilot certificate with an airplane or a
powered-lift rating who has satisfactorily completed an approved commercial
pilot course conducted by a training center certificated under part 142 of
this chapter need only have 190 hours of total aeronautical experience to
meet the requirements of this section.
(i) 190 hours for an airplane or powered-lift rating; and
(ii) 150 hours for a helicopter rating.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40904, July 30,
1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20288, Apr. 23, 1998]




Sec. 61.131   Exceptions to the night flying requirements.

(a) Subject to the limitations of paragraph (b) of this section, a person
is not required to comply with the night flight training requirements of this
subpart if the person receives flight training in and resides in the State of
Alaska.
(b) A person who receives flight training in and resides in the State of
Alaska but does not meet the night flight training requirements of this
section:
(1) May be issued a pilot certificate with the limitation "night flying
prohibited."
(2) Must comply with the appropriate night flight training requirements of
this subpart within the 12-calendar-month period after the issuance of the
pilot certificate. At the end of that period, the certificate will become
invalid for use until the person complies with the appropriate night flight
training requirements of this subpart. The person may have the "night flying
prohibited" limitation removed if the person--
(i) Accomplishes the appropriate night flight training requirements of this
subpart; and
(ii) Presents to an examiner a logbook or training record endorsement from
an authorized instructor that verifies accomplishment of the appropriate
night flight training requirements of this subpart.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40905, July 30,
1997]



Sec. 61.133   Commercial pilot privileges and limitations.

(a) Privileges. (1) General. A person who holds a commercial pilot
certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft--
(i) Carrying persons or property for compensation or hire, provided the
person is qualified in accordance with this part and with the applicable
parts of this chapter that apply to the operation; and
(ii) For compensation or hire, provided the person is qualified in
accordance with this part and with the applicable parts of this chapter that
apply to the operation.
(2) Commercial pilots with lighter-than-air category ratings. A person with
a commercial pilot certificate with a lighter-than-air category rating may--
(i) For an airship--(A) Give flight and ground training in an airship for
the issuance of a certificate or rating;
(B) Give an endorsement for a pilot certificate with an airship rating;
(C) Endorse a student pilot certificate or logbook for solo operating
privileges in an airship;
(D) Act as pilot in command of an airship under IFR or in weather
conditions less than the minimum prescribed for VFR flight; and
(E) Give flight and ground training and endorsements that are required for
a flight review, an operating privilege, or recency-of-experience
requirements of this part.
(ii) For a balloon--(A) Give flight and ground training in a balloon for
the issuance of a certificate or rating;
(B) Give an endorsement for a pilot certificate with a balloon rating;
(C) Endorse a student pilot certificate or logbook for solo operating
privileges in a balloon; and
(D) Give ground and flight training and endorsements that are required for
a flight review, an operating privilege, or recency-of-experience
requirements of this part.
(b) Limitations. (1) A person who applies for a commercial pilot
certificate with an airplane category or powered-lift category rating and
does not hold an instrument rating in the same category and class will be
issued a commercial pilot certificate that contains the limitation, "The
carriage of passengers for hire in (airplanes) (powered-lifts) on cross-
country flights in excess of 50 nautical miles or at night is prohibited."
The limitation may be removed when the person satisfactorily accomplishes the
requirements listed in Sec. 61.65 of this part for an instrument rating in
the same category and class of aircraft listed on the person's commercial
pilot certificate.
(2) If a person who applies for a commercial pilot certificate with a
balloon rating takes a practical test in a balloon with an airborne heater--
 (i) The pilot certificate will contain a limitation restricting the
exercise of the privileges of that certificate to a balloon with an airborne
heater.
(ii) The limitation specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i) of this section may be
removed when the person obtains the required aeronautical experience in a gas
balloon and receives a logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor who
attests to the person's accomplishment of the required aeronautical
experience and ability to satisfactorily operate a gas balloon.
(3) If a person who applies for a commercial pilot certificate with a
balloon rating takes a practical test in a gas balloon--
(i) The pilot certificate will contain a limitation restricting the
exercise of the privileges of that certificate to a gas balloon.
(ii) The limitation specified in paragraph (b)(3)(i) of this section may be
removed when the person obtains the required aeronautical experience in a
balloon with an airborne heater and receives a logbook endorsement from an
authorized instructor who attests to the person's accomplishment of the
required aeronautical experience and ability to satisfactorily operate a
balloon with an airborne heater.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40905, July 30,
1997]






Secs. 61.135--61.141  [Reserved.]





                 Subpart G--Airline Transport Pilots






Sec. 61.151   Applicability.

This subpart prescribes the requirements for the issuance of airline
transport pilot certificates and ratings, the conditions under which those
certificates and ratings are necessary, and the general operating rules for
persons who hold those certificates and ratings.




Sec. 61.153   Eligibility requirements: General.

To be eligible for an airline transport pilot certificate, a person must:
(a) Be at least 23 years of age;
(b) Be able to read, speak, write, and understand the English language. If
the applicant is unable to meet one of these requirements due to medical
reasons, then the Administrator may place such operating limitations on that
applicant's pilot certificate as are necessary for the safe operation of the
aircraft;
(c) Be of good moral character;
(d) Meet at least one of the following requirements:
(1) Hold at least a commercial pilot certificate and an instrument rating;
(2) Meet the military experience requirements under Sec. 61.73 of this part
to qualify for a commercial pilot certificate, and an instrument rating if
the person is a rated military pilot or former rated military pilot of an
Armed Force of the United States; or
(3) Hold either a foreign airline transport pilot or foreign commercial
pilot license and an instrument rating, without limitations issued by a
contracting State to the Convention on International Civil Aviation.
(e) Meet the aeronautical experience requirements of this subpart that
apply to the aircraft category and class rating sought before applying for
the practical test;
(f) Pass a knowledge test on the aeronautical knowledge areas of Sec.
61.155(c) of this part that apply to the aircraft category and class rating
sought;
(g) Pass the practical test on the areas of operation listed in Sec.
61.157(e) of this part that apply to the aircraft category and class rating
sought; and
(h) Comply with the sections of this part that apply to the aircraft
category and class rating sought.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40905, July 30,
1997]






Sec. 61.155   Aeronautical knowledge.

(a) General. The knowledge test for an airline transport pilot certificate
is based on the aeronautical knowledge areas listed in paragraph (c) of this
section that are appropriate to the aircraft category and class rating
sought.
(b) Aircraft type rating. A person who is applying for an additional
aircraft type rating to be added to an airline transport pilot certificate is
not required to pass a knowledge test if that person's airline transport
pilot certificate lists the aircraft category and class rating that is
appropriate to the type rating sought.
(c) Aeronautical knowledge areas. (1) Applicable Federal Aviation
Regulations of this chapter that relate to airline transport pilot
privileges, limitations, and flight operations;
(2) Meteorology, including knowledge of and effects of fronts, frontal
characteristics, cloud formations, icing, and upper-air data;
(3) General system of weather and NOTAM collection, dissemination,
interpretation, and use;
(4) Interpretation and use of weather charts, maps, forecasts, sequence
reports, abbreviations, and symbols;
(5) National Weather Service functions as they pertain to operations in the
National Airspace System;
(6) Windshear and microburst awareness, identification, and avoidance;
(7) Principles of air navigation under instrument meteorological conditions
in the National Airspace System;
(8) Air traffic control procedures and pilot responsibilities as they
relate to en route operations, terminal area and radar operations, and
instrument departure and approach procedures;
(9) Aircraft loading, weight and balance, use of charts, graphs, tables,
formulas, and computations, and their effect on aircraft performance;
(10) Aerodynamics relating to an aircraft's flight characteristics and
performance in normal and abnormal flight regimes;
(11) Human factors;
(12) Aeronautical decision making and judgment; and
(13) Crew resource management to include crew communication and
coordination.




Sec. 61.157   Flight proficiency.

(a) General. (1) The practical test for an airline transport pilot
certificate is given for--
(i) An airplane category and single-engine class rating;
(ii) An airplane category and multiengine class rating;
(iii) A rotorcraft category and helicopter class rating;
(iv) A powered-lift category rating; and
(v) An aircraft type rating for the category and class ratings listed in
paragraphs (a)(1)(i) through (a)(1)(iv) of this section.
(2) A person who is applying for an airline transport pilot practical test
must meet--
(i) The eligibility requirements of Sec. 61.153 of this part; and
(ii) The aeronautical knowledge and aeronautical experience requirements of
this subpart that apply to the aircraft category and class rating sought.
(b) Aircraft type rating. Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
section, a person who is applying for an aircraft type rating to be added to
an airline transport pilot certificate:
(1) Must receive and log ground and flight training from an authorized
instructor on the areas of operation in this section that apply to the
aircraft type rating sought;
(2) Must receive a logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor
certifying that the applicant completed the training on the areas of
operation listed in paragraph (e) of this section that apply to the aircraft
type rating sought; and
(3) Must perform the practical test in actual or simulated instrument
conditions, unless the aircraft's type certificate makes the aircraft
incapable of operating under instrument flight rules. If the practical test
cannot be accomplished for this reason, the person may obtain a type rating
limited to "VFR only." The "VFR only" limitation may be removed for that
aircraft type when the person passes the practical test in actual or
simulated instrument conditions.
(c) Exceptions. A person who is applying for an aircraft type rating to
be added to an airline transport pilot certificate or an aircraft type rating
concurrently with an airline transport pilot certificate, and who is an
employee of a certificate holder operating under part 121 or part 135 of this
chapter, need not comply with the requirements of paragraph (b) of this
section if the applicant presents a training record that shows satisfactory
completion of that certificate holder's approved pilot-in-command training
program for the aircraft type rating sought.
(d) Upgrading type ratings. Any type rating(s) on the pilot certificate
of an applicant who successfully completes an airline transport pilot
practical test shall be included on the airline transport pilot certificate
with the privileges and limitations of the airline transport pilot
certificate, provided the applicant passes the practical test in the same
category and class of aircraft for which the applicant holds the type
rating(s). However, if a type rating for that category and class of aircraft
on the superseded pilot certificate is limited to VFR, that limitation shall
be carried forward to the person's airline transport pilot certificate level.
(e) Areas of operation. (1) For an airplane category--single-engine class
rating: (i) Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Takeoff and departure phase;
(iv) In-flight maneuvers;
(v) Instrument procedures;
(vi) Landings and approaches to landings;
(vii) Normal and abnormal procedures;
(viii) Emergency procedures; and
(ix) Postflight procedures.
(2) For an airplane category--multiengine class rating: (i) Preflight
preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Takeoff and departure phase;
(iv) In-flight maneuvers;
(v) Instrument procedures;
(vi) Landings and approaches to landings;
(vii) Normal and abnormal procedures;
(viii) Emergency procedures; and
(ix) Postflight procedures.
(3) For a powered-lift category rating: (i) Preflight preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Takeoff and departure phase;
(iv) In-flight maneuvers;
(v) Instrument procedures;
(vi) Landings and approaches to landings;
(vii) Normal and abnormal procedures;
(viii) Emergency procedures; and
(ix) Postflight procedures.
(4) For a rotorcraft category--helicopter class rating: (i) Preflight
preparation;
(ii) Preflight procedures;
(iii) Takeoff and departure phase;
(iv) In-flight maneuvers;
(v) Instrument procedures;
(vi) Landings and approaches to landings;
(vii) Normal and abnormal procedures;
(viii) Emergency procedures; and
(ix) Postflight procedures.
(f) Proficiency and competency checks conducted under part 121 or part 135.
(1) Successful completion of a pilot-in-command proficiency check under Sec.
121.441 of this chapter or successful completion of both a competency check,
under Sec. 135.293 of this chapter, and a pilot-in-command instrument
proficiency check, under Sec. 135.297 of this chapter, satisfies the
requirements of this section for the appropriate aircraft rating.
(2) The checks specified in paragraph (f)(1) of this section must be
conducted by an authorized designated pilot examiner or FAA aviation safety
inspector.
(g) Use of a flight simulator or flight training device for an airplane
rating. If a flight simulator or flight training device is used for
accomplishing all of the training and the required practical test for an
airplane transport pilot certificate with an airplane category, class, and
type rating, if applicable, the applicant, flight simulator, and flight
training device are subject to the following requirements:
(1) The flight simulator and flight training device must represent that
airplane type if the rating involves a type rating in an airplane, or is
representative of an airplane if the applicant is only seeking an airplane
class rating and does not require a type rating.
(2) The flight simulator and flight training device must be used in
accordance with an approved course at a training center certificated under
part 142 of this chapter.
(3) All training and testing (except preflight inspection) must be
accomplished by the applicant to receive an airplane class rating and type
rating, if applicable, without limitations and--
(i) The flight simulator must be qualified and approved as Level C or
Level D; and
(ii) The applicant must meet the aeronautical experience requirements of
Sec. 61.159 of this part and at least one of the following--
(A) Hold a type rating for a turbojet airplane of the same class of
airplane for which the type rating is sought, or have been designated by a
military service as a pilot in command of an airplane of the same class of
airplane for which the type rating is sought, if a turbojet type rating is
sought;
(B) Hold a type rating for a turbopropeller airplane of the same class as
the airplane for which the type rating is sought, or have been appointed by a
military service as a pilot in command of an airplane of the same class of
airplane for which the type rating is sought, if a turbopropeller airplane
type rating is sought;
(C) Have at least 2,000 hours of flight time, of which 500 hours must be in
turbine-powered airplanes of the same class as the airplane for which the
type rating is sought;
(D) Have at least 500 hours of flight time in the same type of airplane as
the airplane for which the type rating is sought; or
(E) Have at least 1,000 hours of flight time in at least two different
airplanes requiring a type rating.
(4) Subject to the limitation of paragraph (g)(5) of this section, an
applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph (g)(3) of this
section may complete all training and testing (except for preflight
inspection) for an additional rating if--
(i) The flight simulator is qualified and approved as Level C or Level D;
and
(ii) The applicant meets the aeronautical experience requirements of Sec.
61.159 of this part and at least one of the following--
(A) Holds a type rating in a propeller-driven airplane if a type rating in
a turbojet airplane is sought, or holds a type rating in a turbojet airplane
if a type rating in a propeller-driven airplane is sought;
(B) Since the beginning of the 12th calendar month before the month in
which the applicant completes the practical test for the additional rating,
has logged--
(1) At least 100 hours of flight time in airplanes in the same class as the
airplane for which the type rating is sought and which requires a type
rating; and
(2) At least 25 hours of flight time in airplanes of the same type for
which the type rating is sought.
(5) An applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (g)(4)(ii)(A)
and (B) of this section will be issued an additional rating, or an airline
transport pilot certificate with an added rating, as applicable, with a
limitation. The limitation shall state: "This certificate is subject to
pilot-in-command limitations for the additional rating."
(6) An applicant who has been issued a certificate with the limitation
specified in paragraph (g)(5) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of the aircraft for which an additional
rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the limitation
is removed from the certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 15 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in an airplane of the same type for which the
limitation applies.
(7) An applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph
(g)(3)(ii)(A) through (E) or (g)(4)(ii)(A) and (B) of this section may be
issued an airline transport pilot certificate or an additional rating to that
pilot certificate after successful completion of one of the following
requirements--
(i) An approved course at a part 142 training center that includes all
training and testing for that certificate or rating, followed by training and
testing on the following tasks, which must be successfully completed on a
static airplane or in flight, as appropriate--
(A) Preflight inspection;
(B) Normal takeoff;
(C) Normal ILS approach;
(D) Missed approach; and
(E) Normal landing.
(ii) An approved course at a part 142 training center that complies with
paragraphs (g)(8) and (g)(9) of this section and includes all training and
testing for a certificate or rating.
(8) An applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (g)(7)(ii) of
this section will be issued an additional rating or an airline transport
pilot certificate with an additional rating, as applicable, with a
limitation. The limitation shall state: "This certificate is subject to
pilot-in-command limitations for the additional rating."
(9) An applicant issued a pilot certificate with the limitation specified
in paragraph (g)(8) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of the aircraft for which an additional
rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the limitation
is removed from the certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 25 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in an airplane of the same type for which the
limitation applies.
(h) Use of a flight simulator or flight training device for a helicopter
rating. If a flight simulator or flight training device is used for
accomplishing all of the training and the required practical test for an
airline transport pilot certificate with a helicopter class rating and type
rating, if applicable, the applicant, flight simulator, and flight training
device are subject to the following requirements:
(1) The flight simulator and flight training device must represent that
helicopter type if the rating involves a type rating in a helicopter, or is
representative of a helicopter if the applicant is only seeking a helicopter
class rating and does not require a type rating.
(2) The flight simulator and flight training device must be used in
accordance with an approved course at a training center certificated under
part 142 of this chapter.
(3) All training and testing requirements (except preflight inspection)
must be accomplished by the applicant to receive a helicopter class rating
and type rating, if applicable, without limitations and--
(i) The flight simulator must be qualified and approved as a Level C or
Level D; and
(ii) The applicant must meet the aeronautical experience requirements of
Sec. 61.161 of this part and at least one of the following--
(A) Hold a type rating for a turbine-powered helicopter, or have been
designated by a military service as a pilot in command of a turbine-powered
helicopter, if a turbine-powered helicopter type rating is sought;
(B) Have at least 1,200 hours of flight time, of which 500 hours must be in
turbine-powered helicopters;
(C) Have at least 500 hours of flight time in the same type helicopter as
the helicopter for which the type rating is sought; or
(D) Have at least 1,000 hours of flight time in at least two different
helicopters requiring a type rating.
(4) Subject to the limitation of paragraph (h)(5) of this section, an
applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph (h)(3) of this
section may complete all training and testing (except for preflight
inspection) for an additional rating if--
(i) The flight simulator is qualified and approved as Level C or Level D;
and
(ii) The applicant meets the aeronautical experience requirements of Sec.
61.161 of this part and, since the beginning of the 12th calendar month
before the month in which the applicant completes the practical test for the
additional rating, has logged--
(A) At least 100 hours of flight time in helicopters; and
(B) At least 15 hours of flight time in helicopters of the same type of
helicopter for which the type rating is sought.
(5) An applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (h)(4)(ii) (A)
and (B) of this section will be issued an additional rating or an airline
transport pilot certificate with a limitation. The limitation shall state:
"This certificate is subject to pilot-in-command limitations for the
additional rating."
(6) An applicant who has been issued a certificate with the limitation
specified in paragraph (h)(5) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of the helicopter for which an
additional rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the
limitation is removed from the certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 15 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in a helicopter of the same type for which the
limitation applies.
(7) An applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph (h)(3)(ii)
(A) through (D), or (h)(4)(ii) (A) and (B) of this section may be issued an
airline transport pilot certificate or an additional rating to that pilot
certificate after successful completion of one of the following
requirements--
(i) An approved course at a part 142 training center that includes all
training and testing for that certificate or rating, followed by training and
testing on the following tasks, which must be successfully completed on a
static aircraft or in flight, as appropriate--
(A) Preflight inspection;
(B) Normal takeoff from a hover;
(C) Manually flown precision approach; and
(D) Steep approach and landing to an off-airport heliport; or
(ii) An approved course at a training center that includes all training and
testing for that certificate or rating and compliance with paragraphs (h)(8)
and (h)(9) of this section.
(8) An applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (h)(7)(ii) of
this section will be issued an additional rating or an airline transport
pilot certificate with an additional rating, as applicable, with a
limitation. The limitation shall state: "This certificate is subject to
pilot-in-command limitations for the additional rating."
(9) An applicant issued a certificate with the limitation specified in
paragraph (h)(8) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of the aircraft for which an additional
rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the limitation
is removed from the certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 25 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in an aircraft of the same type for which the
limitation applies.
(i) Use of a flight simulator or flight training device for a powered-lift
rating. If a flight simulator or flight training device is used for
accomplishing all of the training and the required practical test for an
airline transport pilot certificate with a powered-lift category rating and
type rating, if applicable, the applicant, flight simulator, and flight
training device are subject to the following requirements:
(1) The flight simulator and flight training device must represent that
powered-lift type, if the rating involves a type rating in a powered-lift, or
is representative of a powered-lift if the applicant is only seeking a
powered-lift category rating and does not require a type rating.
(2) The flight simulator and flight training device must be used in
accordance with an approved course at a training center certificated under
part 142 of this chapter.
(3) All training and testing requirements (except preflight inspection)
must be accomplished by the applicant to receive a powered-lift category
rating and type rating, if applicable, without limitations; and--
(i) The flight simulator must be qualified and approved as Level C or
Level D; and
(ii) The applicant must meet the aeronautical experience requirements of
Sec. 61.163 of this part and at least one of the following--
(A) Hold a type rating for a turbine-powered powered-lift, or have been
designated by a military service as a pilot in command of a turbine-powered
powered-lift, if a turbine-powered powered-lift type rating is sought;
(B) Have at least 1,200 hours of flight time, of which 500 hours must be in
turbine-powered powered-lifts;
(C) Have at least 500 hours of flight time in the same type of powered-lift
for which the type rating is sought; or
(D) Have at least 1,000 hours of flight time in at least two different
powered-lifts requiring a type rating.
(4) Subject to the limitation of paragraph (i)(5) of this section, an
applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph (i)(3) of this
section may complete all training and testing (except for preflight
inspection) for an additional rating if--
(i) The flight simulator is qualified and approved as Level C or Level D;
and
(ii) The applicant meets the aeronautical experience requirements of Sec.
61.163 of this part and, since the beginning of the 12th calendar month
before the month in which the applicant completes the practical test for the
additional rating, has logged--
(A) At least 100 hours of flight time in powered-lifts; and
(B) At least 15 hours of flight time in powered-lifts of the same type of
powered-lift for the type rating sought.
(5) An applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (i)(4)(ii) (A)
and (B) of this section will be issued an additional rating or an airline
transport pilot certificate with a limitation. The limitation shall state:
"This certificate is subject to pilot-in-command limitations for the
additional rating."
(6) An applicant who has been issued a certificate with the limitation
specified in paragraph (i)(5) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of the powered-lift for which an
additional rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the
limitation is removed from the certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 15 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in a powered-lift of the same type for which the
limitation applies.
(7) An applicant who does not meet the requirements of paragraph (i)(3)(ii)
(A) through (D) or (i)(4)(ii) (A) and (B) of this section may be issued an
airline transport pilot certificate or an additional rating to that pilot
certificate after successful completion of one of the following
requirements--
(i) An approved course at a part 142 training center that includes all
training and testing for that certificate or rating, followed by training and
testing on the following tasks, which must be successfully completed on a
static aircraft or in flight, as appropriate--
(A) Preflight inspection;
(B) Normal takeoff from a hover;
(C) Manually flown precision approach; and
(D) Steep approach and landing to an off-airport site; or
(ii) An approved course at a training center that includes all training and
testing for that certificate or rating and is in compliance with paragraphs
(i)(8) and (i)(9) of this section.
(8) An applicant meeting only the requirements of paragraph (i)(7)(ii) of
this section will be issued an additional rating or an airline transport
pilot certificate with an additional rating, as applicable, with a
limitation. The limitation shall state: "This certificate is subject to
pilot-in-command limitations for the additional rating."
(9) An applicant issued a pilot certificate with the limitation specified
in paragraph (i)(8) of this section--
(i) May not act as pilot in command of the aircraft for which an additional
rating was obtained under the provisions of this section until the limitation
is removed from the certificate; and
(ii) May have the limitation removed by accomplishing 25 hours of
supervised operating experience as pilot in command under the supervision of
a qualified and current pilot in command, in the seat normally occupied by
the pilot in command, in a powered-lift of the same type for which the
limitation applies.
(j) Waiver authority. Unless the Administrator requires certain or all
tasks to be performed, the examiner who conducts the practical test for an
airline transport pilot certificate may waive any of the tasks for which the
Administrator approves waiver authority.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40905, July 30,
1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20288, Apr. 23, 1998]





Sec. 61.158   [Reserved.]




Sec. 61.159   Aeronautical experience: Airplane category rating.

(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b), (c), and (d) of this section, a
person who is applying for an airline transport pilot certificate with an
airplane category and class rating must have at least 1,500 hours of total
time as a pilot that includes at least:
(1) 500 hours of cross-country flight time.
(2) 100 hours of night flight time.
(3) 75 hours of instrument flight time, in actual or simulated instrument
conditions, subject to the following:
(i) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(3)(ii) of this section, an
applicant may not receive credit for more than a total of 25 hours of
simulated instrument time in a flight simulator or flight training device.
(ii) A maximum of 50 hours of training in a flight simulator or flight
training device may be credited toward the instrument flight time
requirements of paragraph (a)(3) of this section if the training was
accomplished in a course conducted by a training center certificated under
part 142 of this chapter.
(iii) Training in a flight simulator or flight training device must be
accomplished in a flight simulator or flight training device, representing an
airplane.
(4) 250 hours of flight time in an airplane as a pilot in command, or as
second in command performing the duties of pilot in command while under the
supervision of a pilot in command, or any combination thereof, which includes
at least--
(i) 100 hours of cross-country flight time; and
(ii) 25 hours of night flight time.
(5) Not more than 100 hours of the total aeronautical experience
requirements of paragraph (a) of this section may be obtained in a flight
simulator or flight training device that represents an airplane, provided the
aeronautical experience was obtained in an approved course conducted by a
training center certificated under part 142 of this chapter.
(b) A person who has performed at least 20 night takeoffs and landings to a
full stop may substitute each additional night takeoff and landing to a full
stop for 1 hour of night flight time to satisfy the requirements of paragraph
(a)(2) of this section; however, not more than 25 hours of night flight time
may be credited in this manner.
(c) A commercial pilot may credit the following second-in-command flight
time or flight-engineer flight time toward the 1,500 hours of total time as a
pilot required by paragraph (a) of this section:
(1) Second-in-command time, provided the time is acquired in an airplane--
(i) Required to have more than one pilot fligh crewmember by the airplane's
flight manual, type certificate, or the regulations under which the flight is
being conducted;
(ii) Engaged in operations under part 121 or part 135 of this chapter for
which a second in command is required; or
(iii) That is required by the operating rules of this chapter to have more
than one pilot flight crewmember.
(2) Flight-engineer time, provided the time--
(i) Is acquired in an airplane required to have a flight engineer by the
airplane's flight manual or type certificate;
(ii) Is acquired while engaged in operations under part 121 of this chapter
for which a flight engineer is required;
(iii) Is acquired while the person is participating in a pilot training
program approved under part 121 of this chapter; and
(iv) Does not exceed more than 1 hour for each 3 hours of flight engineer
flight time for a total credited time of no more than 500 hours.
(d) An applicant may be issued an airline transport pilot certificate with
the endorsement, "Holder does not meet the pilot in command aeronautical
experience requirements of ICAO," as prescribed by Article 39 of the
Convention on International Civil Aviation, if the applicant:
(1) Credits second-in-command or flight-engineer time under paragraph (c)
of this section toward the 1,500 hours total flight time requirement of
paragraph (a) of this section;
(2) Does not have at least 1,200 hours of flight time as a pilot, including
no more than 50 percent of his or her second-in-command time and none of his
or her flight-engineer time; and
(3) Otherwise meets the requirements of paragraph (a) of this section.
(e) When the applicant specified in paragraph (d) of this section presents
satisfactory evidence of the accumulation of 1,200 hours of flight time as a
pilot including no more than 50 percent of his or her second-in-command
flight time and none of his or her flight-engineer time, the applicant is
entitled to an airline transport pilot certificate without the endorsement
prescribed in that paragraph.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40906, July 30,
1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20288, Apr. 23, 1998]




Sec. 61.161   Aeronautical experience: Rotorcraft category and helicopter
class rating.

(a) A person who is applying for an airline transport pilot certificate
with a rotorcraft category and helicopter class rating, must have at least
1,200 hours of total time as a pilot that includes at least:
(1) 500 hours of cross-country flight time;
(2) 100 hours of night flight time, of which 15 hours are in helicopters;
(3) 200 hours of flight time in helicopters, which includes at least 75
hours as a pilot in command, or as second in command performing the duties of
a pilot in command under the supervision of a pilot in command, or any
combination thereof; and
(4) 75 hours of instrument flight time in actual or simulated instrument
meteorological conditions, of which at least 50 hours are obtained in flight
with at least 25 hours in helicopters as a pilot in command, or as second in
command performing the duties of a pilot in command under the supervision of
a pilot in command, or any combination thereof.
(b) Training in a flight simulator or flight training device may be
credited toward the instrument flight time requirements of paragraph (a)(4)
of this section, subject to the following:
(1) Training in a flight simulator or a flight training device must be
accomplished in a flight simulator or flight training device that represents
a rotorcraft.
(2) Except as provided in paragraph (b)(3) of this section, an applicant
may receive credit for not more than a total of 25 hours of simulated
instrument time in a flight simulator and flight training device.
(3) A maximum of 50 hours of training in a flight simulator or flight
training device may be credited toward the instrument flight time
requirements of paragraph (a)(4) of this section if the aeronautical
experience is accomplished in an approved course conducted by a training
center certificated under part 142 of this chapter.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40906, July 30,
1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20289, Apr. 23, 1998]





Sec. 61.163   Aeronautical experience: Powered-lift category rating.

(a) A person who is applying for an airline transport pilot certificate
with a powered-lift category rating must have at least 1,500 hours of total
time as a pilot that includes at least:
(1) 500 hours of cross-country flight time;
(2) 100 hours of night flight time;
(3) 250 hours in a powered-lift as a pilot in command, or as a second in
command performing the duties of a pilot in command under the supervision of
a pilot in command, or any combination thereof, which includes at least--
(i) 100 hours of cross-country flight time; and
(ii) 25 hours of night flight time.
(4) 75 hours of instrument flight time in actual or simulated instrument
conditions, subject to the following:
(i) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(4)(ii) of this section, an
applicant may not receive credit for more than a total of 25 hours of
simulated instrument time in a flight simulator or flight training device.
(ii) A maximum of 50 hours of training in a flight simulator or flight
training device may be credited toward the instrument flight time
requirements of paragraph (a)(4) of this section if the training was
accomplished in a course conducted by a training center certificated under
part 142 of this chapter.
(iii) Training in a flight simulator or flight training device must be
accomplished in a flight simulator or flight training device that represents
a powered-lift.
(b) Not more than 100 hours of the total aeronautical experience
requirements of paragraph (a) of this section may be obtained in a flight
simulator or flight training device that represents a powered-lift, provided
the aeronautical experience was obtained in an approved course conducted by a
training center certificated under part 142 of this chapter.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40906, July 30,
1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20289, Apr. 23, 1998]





Sec. 61.165   Additional aircraft category and class ratings.

(a) Rotorcraft category and helicopter class rating. A person applying for
an airline transport certificate with a rotorcraft category and helicopter
class rating who holds an airline transport pilot certificate with another
aircraft category rating must:
(1) Meet the eligibility requirements of Sec. 61.153 of this part;
(2) Pass a knowledge test on the aeronautical knowledge areas of Sec.
61.155(c) of this part;
(3) Comply with the requirements in Sec. 61.157(b) of this part, if
appropriate;
(4) Meet the applicable aeronautical experience requirements of Sec. 61.161
of this part; and
(5) Pass the practical test on the areas of operation of Sec. 61.157(e)(4)
of this part.
(b) Airplane category rating with a single-engine class rating. A person
applying for an airline transport certificate with an airplane category and
single-engine class rating who holds an airline transport pilot certificate
with another aircraft category rating must:
(1) Meet the eligibility requirements of Sec. 61.153 of this part;
(2) Pass a knowledge test on the aeronautical knowledge areas of Sec.
61.155(c) of this part;
(3) Comply with the requirements in Sec. 61.157(b) of this part, if
appropriate;
(4) Meet the applicable aeronautical experience requirements of Sec. 61.159
of this part; and
(5) Pass the practical test on the areas of operation of Sec. 61.157(e)(1)
of this part.
(c) Airplane category rating with a multiengine class rating. A person
applying for an airline transport certificate with an airplane category and
multiengine class rating who holds an airline transport certificate with
another aircraft category rating must:
(1) Meet the eligibility requirements of Sec. 61.153 of this part;
(2) Pass a knowledge test on the aeronautical knowledge areas of Sec.
61.155(c) of this part;
(3) Comply with the requirements in Sec. 61.157(b) of this part, if
appropriate;
(4) Meet the applicable aeronautical experience requirements of Sec. 61.159
of this part; and
(5) Pass the practical test on the areas of operation of Sec. 61.157(e)(2)
of this part.
(d) Powered-lift category. A person applying for an airline transport pilot
certificate with a powered-lift category rating who holds an airline
transport certificate with another aircraft category rating must:
(1) Meet the eligibility requirements of Sec. 61.153 of this part;
(2) Pass a required knowledge test on the aeronautical knowledge areas of
Sec. 61.155(c) of this part;
(3) Comply with the requirements in Sec. 61.157(b) of this part, if
appropriate;
(4) Meet the applicable aeronautical experience requirements of Sec. 61.163
of this part; and
(5) Pass the required practical test on the areas of operation of Sec.
61.157(e)(3) of this part.
(e) Additional class rating within the same aircraft category. A person
applying for an airline transport certificate with an additional class rating
who holds an airline transport certificate in the same aircraft category
must--
(1) Meet the eligibility requirements of Sec. 61.153, except paragraph (f)
of that section;
(2) Comply with the requirements in Sec. 61.157(b) of this part, if
applicable;
(3) Meet the applicable aeronautical experience requirements of subpart G
of this part; and
(4) Pass a practical test on the areas of operation of Sec. 61.157(e)
appropriate to the aircraft rating sought.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40906, July 30,
1997, and amended at Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40906, July 30, 1997]




Sec. 61.167   Privileges.

(a) A person who holds an airline transport pilot certificate is entitled
to the same privileges as those afforded a person who holds a commercial
pilot certificate with an instrument rating.
(b) An airline transport pilot may instruct--
(1) Other pilots in air transportation service in aircraft of the category,
class, and type, as applicable, for which the airline transport pilot is
rated and endorse the logbook or other training record of the person to whom
training has been given;
(2) In flight simulators, and flight training devices representing the
aircraft referenced in paragraph (b)(1) of this section, when instructing
under the provisions of this section and endorse the logbook or other
training record of the person to whom training has been given;
(3) Only as provided in this section, unless the airline transport pilot
also holds a flight instructor certificate, in which case the holder may
exercise the instructor privileges of subpart H of part 61 for which he or
she is rated; and
(4) In an aircraft, only if the aircraft has functioning dual controls,
when instructing under the provisions of this section.
(c) Excluding briefings and debriefings, an airline transport pilot may not
instruct in aircraft, flight simulators, and flight training devices under
this section--
(1) For more than 8 hours in any 24-consecutive-hour period; or
(2) For more than 36 hours in any 7-consecutive-day period.
(d) An airline transport pilot may not instruct in Category II or Category
III operations unless he or she has been trained and successfully tested
under Category II or Category III operations, as applicable.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40907, July 30,
1997]




Secs. 61.169--61.171  [Reserved]

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40907, July 30,
1997]





                    Subpart H--Flight Instructors






Sec. 61.181   Applicability.

This subpart prescribes the requirements for the issuance of flight
instructor certificates and ratings, the conditions under which those
certificates and ratings are necessary, and the limitations on those
certificates and ratings.




Sec. 61.183   Eligibility requirements.

To be eligible for a flight instructor certificate or rating a person must:
(a) Be at least 18 years of age;
(b) Be able to read, speak, write, and understand the English language. If
the applicant is unable to meet one of these requirements due to medical
reasons, then the Administrator may place such operating limitations on that
applicant's flight instructor certificate as are necessary;
(c) Hold either a commercial pilot certificate or airline transport pilot
certificate with:
(1) An aircraft category and class rating that is appropriate to the flight
instructor rating sought; and
(2) An instrument rating or privileges on that person's pilot certificate
that is appropriate to the flight instructor rating sought, if applying for--
(i) A flight instructor certificate with an airplane category and single-
engine class rating;
(ii) A flight instructor certificate with an airplane category and
multiengine class rating;
(iii) A flight instructor certificate with a powered-lift rating; or
(iv) A flight instructor certificate with an instrument rating.
(d) Receive a logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor on the
fundamentals of instructing listed in Sec. 61.185 of this part appropriate to
the required knowledge test;
(e) Pass a knowledge test on the areas listed in Sec. 61.185(a)(1) of this
part, unless the applicant:
(1) Holds a flight instructor certificate or ground instructor certificate
issued under this part;
(2) Holds a current teacher's certificate issued by a State, county, city,
or municipality that authorizes the person to teach at an educational level
of the 7th grade or higher; or
(3) Is employed as a teacher at an accredited college or university.
(f) Pass a knowledge test on the aeronautical knowledge areas listed in
Sec. 61.185(a)(2) and (a)(3) of this part that are appropriate to the flight
instructor rating sought;
(g) Receive a logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor on the
areas of operation listed in Sec. 61.187(b) of this part, appropriate to the
flight instructor rating sought;
(h) Pass the required practical test that is appropriate to the flight
instructor rating sought in an:
(1) Aircraft that is representative of the category and class of aircraft
for the aircraft rating sought; or
(2) Flight simulator or flight training device that is representative of
the category and class of aircraft for the rating sought, and used in
accordance with an approved course at a training center certificated under
part 142 of this chapter.
(i) Accomplish the following for a flight instructor certificate with an
airplane or a glider rating:
(1) Receive a logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor indicating
that the applicant is competent and possesses instructional proficiency in
stall awareness, spin entry, spins, and spin recovery procedures after
providing the applicant with flight training in those training areas in an
airplane or glider, as appropriate, that is certificated for spins; and
(2) Demonstrate instructional proficiency in stall awareness, spin entry,
spins, and spin recovery procedures. However, upon presentation of the
endorsement specified in paragraph (i)(1) of this section an examiner may
accept that endorsement as satisfactory evidence of instructional proficiency
in stall awareness, spin entry, spins, and spin recovery procedures for the
practical test, provided that the practical test is not a retest as a result
of the applicant failing the previous test for deficiencies in the knowledge
or skill of stall awareness, spin entry, spins, or spin recovery
instructional procedures. If the retest is a result of deficiencies in the
ability of an applicant to demonstrate knowledge or skill of stall awareness,
spin entry, spins, or spin recovery instructional procedures, the examiner
must test the person on stall awareness, spin entry, spins, and spin recovery
instructional procedures in an airplane or glider, as appropriate, that is
certificated for spins;
(j) Log at least 15 hours as pilot in command in the category and class of
aircraft that is appropriate to the flight instructor rating sought; and
(k) Comply with the appropriate sections of this part that apply to the
flight instructor rating sought.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40907, July 30,
1997]



Sec. 61.185   Aeronautical knowledge.

(a) A person who is applying for a flight instructor certificate must
receive and log ground training from an authorized instructor on:
(1) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this section, the fundamentals
of instructing, including:
(i) The learning process;
(ii) Elements of effective teaching;
(iii) Student evaluation and testing;
(iv) Course development;
(v) Lesson planning; and
(vi) Classroom training techniques.
(2) The aeronautical knowledge areas for a recreational, private, and
commercial pilot certificate applicable to the aircraft category for which
flight instructor privileges are sought; and
(3) The aeronautical knowledge areas for the instrument rating applicable
to the category for which instrument flight instructor privileges are sought.
(b) The following applicants do not need to comply with paragraph (a)(1) of
this section:
(1) The holder of a flight instructor certificate or ground instructor
certificate issued under this part;
(2) The holder of a current teacher's certificate issued by a State,
county, city, or municipality that authorizes the person to teach at an
educational level of the 7th grade or higher; or
(3) A person employed as a teacher at an accredited college or university.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40907, July 30,
1997]




Sec. 61.187   Flight proficiency.

(a) General. A person who is applying for a flight instructor certificate
must receive and log flight and ground training from an authorized instructor
on the areas of operation listed in this section that apply to the flight
instructor rating sought. The applicant's logbook must contain an endorsement
from an authorized instructor certifying that the person is proficient to
pass a practical test on those areas of operation.
(b) Areas of operation. (1) For an airplane category rating with a single-
engine class rating: (i) Fundamentals of instructing;
(ii) Technical subject areas;
(iii) Preflight preparation;
(iv) Preflight lesson on a maneuver to be performed in flight;
(v) Preflight procedures;
(vi) Airport and seaplane base operations;
(vii) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(viii) Fundamentals of flight;
(ix) Performance maneuvers;
(x) Ground reference maneuvers;
(xi) Slow flight, stalls, and spins;
(xii) Basic instrument maneuvers;
(xiii) Emergency operations; and
(xiv) Postflight procedures.
(2) For an airplane category rating with a multiengine class rating: (i)
Fundamentals of instructing;
(ii) Technical subject areas;
(iii) Preflight preparation;
(iv) Preflight lesson on a maneuver to be performed in flight;
(v) Preflight procedures;
(vi) Airport and seaplane base operations;
(vii) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(viii) Fundamentals of flight;
(ix) Performance maneuvers;
(x) Ground reference maneuvers;
(xi) Slow flight and stalls;
(xii) Basic instrument maneuvers;
(xiii) Emergency operations;
(xiv) Multiengine operations; and
(xv) Postflight procedures.
(3) For a rotorcraft category rating with a helicopter class rating: (i)
Fundamentals of instructing;
(ii) Technical subject areas;
(iii) Preflight preparation;
(iv) Preflight lesson on a maneuver to be performed in flight;
(v) Preflight procedures;
(vi) Airport and heliport operations;
(vii) Hovering maneuvers;
(viii) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(ix) Fundamentals of flight;
(x) Performance maneuvers;
(xi) Emergency operations;
(xii) Special operations; and
(xiii) Postflight procedures.
(4) For a rotorcraft category rating with a gyroplane class rating: (i)
Fundamentals of instructing;
(ii) Technical subject areas;
(iii) Preflight preparation;
(iv) Preflight lesson on a maneuver to be performed in flight;
(v) Preflight procedures;
(vi) Airport operations;
(vii) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(viii) Fundamentals of flight;
(ix) Performance maneuvers;
(x) Flight at slow airspeeds;
(xi) Ground reference maneuvers;
(xii) Emergency operations; and
(xiii) Postflight procedures.
(5) For a powered-lift category rating: (i) Fundamentals of instructing;
(ii) Technical subject areas;
(iii) Preflight preparation;
(iv) Preflight lesson on a maneuver to be performed in flight;
(v) Preflight procedures;
(vi) Airport and heliport operations;
(vii) Hovering maneuvers;
(viii) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;
(ix) Fundamentals of flight;
(x) Performance maneuvers;
(xi) Ground reference maneuvers;
(xii) Slow flight and stalls;
(xiii) Basic instrument maneuvers;
(xiv) Emergency operations;
(xv) Special operations; and
(xvi) Postflight procedures.
(6) For a glider category rating: (i) Fundamentals of instructing;
(ii) Technical subject areas;
(iii) Preflight preparation;
(iv) Preflight lesson on a maneuver to be performed in flight;
(v) Preflight procedures;
(vi) Airport and gliderport operations;
(vii) Launches, landings, and go-arounds;
(viii) Fundamentals of flight;
(ix) Performance speeds;
(x) Soaring techniques;
(xi) Performance maneuvers;
(xii) Slow flight, stalls, and spins;
(xiii) Emergency operations; and
(xiv) Postflight procedures.
(7) For an instrument rating with the appropriate aircraft category and
class rating: (i) Fundamentals of instructing;
(ii) Technical subject areas;
(iii) Preflight preparation;
(iv) Preflight lesson on a maneuver to be performed in flight;
(v) Air traffic control clearances and procedures;
(vi) Flight by reference to instruments;
(vii) Navigation aids;
(viii) Instrument approach procedures;
(ix) Emergency operations; and
(x) Postflight procedures.
(c) The flight training required by this section may be accomplished:
(1) In an aircraft that is representative of the category and class of
aircraft for the rating sought; or
(2) In a flight simulator or flight training device representative of the
category and class of aircraft for the rating sought, and used in accordance
with an approved course at a training center certificated under part 142 of
this chapter.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40907, July 30,
1997]




Sec. 61.189   Flight instructor records.

(a) A flight instructor must sign the logbook of each person to whom that
instructor has given flight training or ground training.
(b) A flight instructor must maintain a record in a logbook or a separate
document that contains the following:
(1) The name of each person whose logbook or student pilot certificate that
instructor has endorsed for solo flight privileges, and the date of the
endorsement; and
(2) The name of each person that instructor has endorsed for a knowledge
test or practical test, and the record shall also indicate the kind of test,
the date, and the results.
(c) Each flight instructor must retain the records required by this section
for at least 3 years.




Sec. 61.191   Additional flight instructor ratings.

(a) A person who applies for an additional flight instructor rating on a
flight instructor certificate must meet the eligibility requirements listed
in Sec. 61.183 of this part that apply to the flight instructor rating
sought.
(b) A person who applies for an additional rating on a flight instructor
certificate is not required to pass the knowledge test on the areas listed in
Sec. 61.185(a)(1) of this part.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40907, July 30,
1997]




Sec. 61.193   Flight instructor privileges.

A person who holds a flight instructor certificate is authorized within the
limitations of that person's flight instructor certificate and ratings to
give training and endorsements that are required for, and relate to:
(a) A student pilot certificate;
(b) A pilot certificate;
(c) A flight instructor certificate;
(d) A ground instructor certificate;
(e) An aircraft rating;
(f) An instrument rating;
(g) A flight review, operating privilege, or recency of experience
requirement of this part;
(h) A practical test; and
(i) A knowledge test.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40907, July 30,
1997]


Sec. 61.195   Flight instructor limitations and qualifications.

A person who holds a flight instructor certificate is subject to the
following limitations:
(a) Hours of training. In any 24-consecutive-hour period, a flight
instructor may not conduct more than 8 hours of flight training.
(b) Aircraft ratings. A flight instructor may not conduct flight training
in any aircraft for which the flight instructor does not hold:
(1) A pilot certificate and flight instructor certificate with the
applicable category and class rating; and
(2) If appropriate, a type rating.
(c) Instrument Rating. A flight instructor who provides instrument flight
training for the issuance of an instrument rating or a type rating not
limited to VFR must hold an instrument rating on his or her flight instructor
certificate and pilot certificate that is appropriate to the category and
class of aircraft in which instrument training is being provided.
(d) Limitations on endorsements. A flight instructor may not endorse a:
(1) Student pilot's certificate or logbook for solo flight privileges,
unless that flight instructor has--
(i) Given that student the flight training required for solo flight
privileges required by this part; and
(ii) Determined that the student is prepared to conduct the flight safely
under known circumstances, subject to any limitations listed in the student's
logbook that the instructor considers necessary for the safety of the flight.
(2) Student pilot's certificate and logbook for a solo cross-country
flight, unless that flight instructor has determined the student's flight
preparation, planning, equipment, and proposed procedures are adequate for
the proposed flight under the existing conditions and within any limitations
listed in the logbook that the instructor considers necessary for the safety
of the flight;
(3) Student pilot's certificate and logbook for solo flight in a Class B
airspace area or at an airport within Class B airspace unless that flight
instructor has--
(i) Given that student ground and flight training in that Class B airspace
or at that airport; and
(ii) Determined that the student is proficient to operate the aircraft
safely.
(4) Logbook of a recreational pilot, unless that flight instructor has--
(i) Given that pilot the ground and flight training required by this part;
and
(ii) Determined that the recreational pilot is proficient to operate the
aircraft safely.
(5) Logbook of a pilot for a flight review, unless that instructor has
conducted a review of that pilot in accordance with the requirements of Sec.
61.56(a) of this part; or
(6) Logbook of a pilot for an instrument proficiency check, unless that
instructor has tested that pilot in accordance with the requirements of Sec.
61.57(d) of this part.
(e) Training in an aircraft that requires a type rating. A flight
instructor may not give flight training in an aircraft that requires the
pilot in command to hold a type rating unless the flight instructor holds a
type rating for that aircraft on his or her pilot certificate.
(f) Training received in a multiengine airplane, a helicopter, or a
powered-lift. A flight instructor may not give training required for the
issuance of a certificate or rating in a multiengine airplane, a helicopter,
or a powered-lift unless that flight instructor has at least 5 flight hours
of pilot-in-command time in the specific make and model of multiengine
airplane, helicopter, or powered-lift, as appropriate.
(g) Position in aircraft and required pilot stations for providing flight
training.
(1) A flight instructor must perform all training from in an aircraft that
complies with the requirements of Sec. 91.109 of this chapter.
(2) A flight instructor who provides flight training for a pilot
certificate or rating issued under this part must provide that flight
training in an aircraft that meets the following requirements--
(i) The aircraft must have at least two pilot stations and be of the same
category, class, and type, if appropriate, that applies to the pilot
certificate or rating sought.
(ii) For single-place aircraft, the pre-solo flight training must have been
provided in an aircraft that has two pilot stations and is of the same
category, class, and type, if appropriate.
(h) Qualifications of the flight instructor for training first-time flight
instructor applicants. (1) The ground training provided to an initial
applicant for a flight instructor certificate must be given by an authorized
instructor who--
(i) Holds a current ground or flight instructor certificate with the
appropriate rating, has held that certificate for at least 24 months, and has
given at least 40 hours of ground training; or
(ii) Holds a current ground or flight instructor certificate with the
appropriate rating, and has given at least 100 hours of ground training in an
FAA-approved course.
(2) Except for an instructor who meets the requirements of paragraph
(h)(3)(ii) of this section, a flight instructor who provides training to an
initial applicant for a flight instructor certificate must--
(i) Meet the eligibility requirements prescribed in Sec. 61.183 of this
part;
(ii) Hold the appropriate flight instructor certificate and rating;
(iii) Have held a flight instructor certificate for at least 24 months;
(iv) For training in preparation for an airplane, rotorcraft, or powered-
lift rating, have given at least 200 hours of flight training as a flight
instructor; and
(v) For training in preparation for a glider rating, have given at least 80
hours of flight training as a flight instructor.
(3) A flight instructor who serves as a flight instructor in an FAA-
approved course for the issuance of a flight instructor rating must hold a
current flight instructor certificate with the appropriate rating and pass
the required initial and recurrent flight instructor proficiency tests, in
accordance with the requirements of the part under which the FAA-approved
course is conducted, and must--
(i) Meet the requirements of paragraph (h)(2) of this section; or
(ii) Have trained and endorsed at least five applicants for a practical
test for a pilot certificate, flight instructor certificate, ground
instructor certificate, or an additional rating, and at least 80 percent of
those applicants passed that test on their first attempt; and
(A) Given at least 400 hours of flight training as a flight instructor for
training in an airplane, a rotorcraft, or for a powered-lift rating; or
(B) Given at least 100 hours of flight training as a flight instructor, for
training in a glider rating.
(i) Prohibition against self-endorsements. A flight instructor shall not
make any self-endorsement for a certificate, rating, flight review,
authorization, operating privilege, practical test, or knowledge test that is
required by this part.
(j) A flight instructor may not give training in Category II or Category
III operations unless the flight instructor has been trained and tested in
Category II or Category III operations, pursuant to Sec. 61.67 or Sec. 61.68
of this part, as applicable.




Sec. 61.197   Renewal of flight instructor certificates.

(a) A person who holds a flight instructor certificate that has not expired
may renew that certificate by--
(1) Passing a practical test for--
(i) One of the ratings listed on the current flight instructor certificate;
or
(ii) An additional flight instructor rating; or
(2) Presenting to an authorized FAA Flight Standards Inspector--
(i) A record of training students showing that, during the preceding 24
calendar months, the flight instructor has endorsed at least five students
for a practical test for a certificate or rating and at least 80 percent of
those students passed that test on the first attempt;
(ii) A record showing that, within the preceding 24 calendar months, the
flight instructor has served as a company check pilot, chief flight
instructor, company check airman, or flight instructor in a part 121 or part
135 operation, or in a position involving the regular evaluation of pilots;
or
(iii) A graduation certificate showing that, within the preceding 3
calendar months, the person has successfully completed an approved flight
instructor refresher course consisting of ground training or flight training,
or a combination of both.
(b) The expiration month of a renewed flight instructor certificate shall
be 24 calendar months from--
(1) The month the renewal requirements of paragraph (a) of this section are
accomplished; or
(2) The month of expiration of the current flight instructor certificate
provided--
(i) The renewal requirements of paragraph (a) of this section are
accomplished within the 3 calendar months preceding the expiration month of
the current flight instructor certificate, and
(ii) If the renewal is accomplished under paragraph (a)(2)(iii) of this
section, the approved flight instructor refresher course must be completed
within the 3 calendar months preceding the expiration month of the current
flight instructor certificate.
(c) The practical test required by paragraph (a)(1) of this section may be
accomplished in a flight simulator or flight training device if the test is
accomplished pursuant to an approved course conducted by a training center
certificated under part 142 of this chapter.

[Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR 20289, Apr. 23, 1998]



Sec. 61.199   Expired flight instructor certificates and ratings.

(a) Flight instructor certificates. The holder of an expired flight
instructor certificate may exchange that certificate for a new certificate
with the same ratings by passing a practical test as prescribed in Sec.
61.183(h) of this part for one of the ratings listed on the expired flight
instructor certificate.
(b) Flight instructor ratings. (1) A flight instructor rating or a limited
flight instructor rating on a pilot certificate is no longer valid and may
not be exchanged for a similar rating or a flight instructor certificate.
(2) The holder of a flight instructor rating or a limited flight instructor
rating on a pilot certificate may be issued a flight instructor certificate
with the current ratings, but only if the person passes the required
knowledge and practical test prescribed in this subpart for the issuance of
the current flight instructor certificate and rating.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997, as amended by Amdt. 61-104, 63 FR
20289, Apr. 23, 1998]




Sec. 61.201  [Reserved.]



                    SUBPART I--GROUND INSTRUCTORS




Sec. 61.211   Applicability.

This subpart prescribes the requirements for the issuance of ground
instructor certificates and ratings, the conditions under which those
certificates and ratings are necessary, and the limitations upon those
certificates and ratings.



Sec. 61.213   Eligibility requirements.

(a) To be eligible for a ground instructor certificate or rating a person
must:
(1) Be at least 18 years of age;
(2) Be able to read, write, speak, and understand the English language. If
the applicant is unable to meet one of these requirements due to medical
reasons, then the Administrator may place such operating limitations on that
applicant's ground instructor certificate as are necessary;
(3) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this section, pass a knowledge
test on the fundamentals of instructing to include--
(i) The learning process;
(ii) Elements of effective teaching;
(iii) Student evaluation and testing;
(iv) Course development;
(v) Lesson planning; and
(vi) Classroom training techniques.
(4) Pass a knowledge test on the aeronautical knowledge areas in--
(i) For a basic ground instructor rating, Secs. 61.97 and 61.105;
(ii) For an advanced ground instructor rating, Secs. 61.97, 61.105, 61.125,
and 61.155; and
(iii) For an instrument ground instructor rating, Sec. 61.65.
(b) The knowledge test specified in paragraph (a)(3) of this section is not
required if the applicant:
(1) Holds a ground instructor certificate or flight instructor certificate
issued under this part;
(2) Holds a current teacher's certificate issued by a State, county, city,
or municipality that authorizes the person to teach at an educational level
of the 7th grade or higher; or
(3) Is employed as a teacher at an accredited college or university.


Sec. 61.215   Ground instructor privileges.

(a) A person who holds a basic ground instructor rating is authorized to
provide:
(1) Ground training in the aeronautical knowledge areas required for the
issuance of a recreational pilot certificate, private pilot certificate, or
associated ratings under this part;
(2) Ground training required for a recreational pilot and private pilot
flight review; and
(3) A recommendation for a knowledge test required for the issuance of a
recreational pilot certificate or private pilot certificate under this part.
(b) A person who holds an advanced ground instructor rating is authorized
to provide:
(1) Ground training in the aeronautical knowledge areas required for the
issuance of any certificate or rating under this part;
(2) Ground training required for any flight review; and
(3) A recommendation for a knowledge test required for the issuance of any
certificate under this part.
(c) A person who holds an instrument ground instructor rating is authorized
to provide:
(1) Ground training in the aeronautical knowledge areas required for the
issuance of an instrument rating under this part;
(2) Ground training required for an instrument proficiency check; and
(3) A recommendation for a knowledge test required for the issuance of an
instrument rating under this part.
(d) A person who holds a ground instructor certificate is authorized,
within the limitations of the ratings on the ground instructor certificate,
to endorse the logbook or other training record of a person to whom the
holder has provided the training or recommendation specified in paragraphs
(a) through (c) of this section.


Sec. 61.217   Recent experience requirements.

The holder of a ground instructor certificate may not perform the duties of
a ground instructor unless, within the preceding 12 months:
(a) The person has served for at least 3 months as a ground instructor; or
(b) The person has received an endorsement from an authorized ground or
flight instructor certifying that the person has demonstrated satisfactory
proficiency in the subject areas prescribed in Sec. 61.213 (a)(3) and (a)(4),
as applicable.

[Amdt. 61-102, 62 FR 16298, Apr. 4, 1997; Amdt. 61-103, 62 FR 40907, July 30,
1997]

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ End of FAR 61 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _